 This statistic shows the approximate cost breakdowns for LED-based luminaires in the United States, by lamp type. Assembly costs accounted for three percent of the total costs associated with outdoor area lamps. About 13 percent of the cost of an outdoor LED area lamp is from the LED package. LED Lighting in the United States A light-emitting diode (LED) is a two-lead semiconductor source of light that emits light based on an electroluminescence effect. Globally, about 13 percent of LED lighting is currently used for automotive purposes and about 12 percent for signage. Different energy band gaps in the semiconductor can determine the color that is emitted by the LED. The first practical LED was created in 1962, which emitted a low-intensity infrared light and is still commonly used today. LEDs are often considered a better alternative to incandescent lights as they consume less energy, last longer, and are more physically robust. In 2007, the U.S. Energy Independence and Security Act banned the use of 100 watt incandescent lights, and in 2012, California abolished the sales of incandescent lights. Today, the United States imports and exports a large volume of LEDs. In 2009, the U.S. imported about 672.6 million U.S. dollars in value of LED lighting. The country primarily imports lights from China, South Korea, Mexico, and Canada. LEDs currently have a higher initial cost than other conventional lighting, but its reduced maintenance cost from extended lifetime provides a longer-term cost savings. For an outdoor area lamp, almost half the cost is associated with the mechanical, thermal, and electrical aspects. About 10.8 percent of LED lamps in the U.S. lamp inventory are dedicated to outdoor lighting. In a typical LED package in the United States, 30 percent of the cost is from packaging and about 23 percent is for the epitaxy. The epitaxy is a technique used to grow additional layers of semiconductor crystals on the surface of the wafer. If defects arise during this process, it can impact the performance, reliability, and yield of the device. 