 This statistic shows the number of delegates Republican Party candidates won during primaries in the race for the nomination to the U.S. presidential election in November 2016. After the primaries, Donald Trump had earned 1,447 delegates. U.S. 2016 Elections: Iowa Republican caucus - additional information - additional information The 2016 election year has kicked off on February 1 with the Iowa caucuses, effectively the first step towards the nomination of both the Republican and Democrat candidates for the presidential elections. Although the caucuses get a lot of media attention, they are not necessarily indicative of who would eventually run on either party side. The first Democratic Iowa caucus took place in 1972 and was won by Maine Senator Edmund Muskie. The nomination would eventually go to the Iowa runner up, South Dakota Senator George McGovern, but the elections were eventually won by incumbent Republican President Richard Nixon. The first Republican caucus in Iowa took place in 1976 and was won by Gerald Ford, with 45 percent of the votes, against former California Governor Ronald Reagan, who was awarded 43 percent of the popular votes. At the time, Ford was the incumbent president, a position which he took over upon Richard Nixon’s resignation in 1974. Ford went on to win the GOP nomination, but was narrowly defeated by Democratic candidate Jimmy Carter. Ronald Reagan would run again, successfully, and move on to serve as President of the United States from 1981 to 1989. In the 2012 Republican primaries, many held Mitt Romney, Former Governor of Massachusetts and the runner-up in the 2008 primaries, as favorite and he did in fact win the nomination, but lost to incumbent President Barack Obama. In the 2012 Iowa primaries, Romney ranked second, after Pennsylvania Senator Rick Santorum, but before Texas Representative Ron Paul. Santorum went on to run for the 2016 nomination as well, but ended his campaign on February 3, after receiving only 1,783 popular votes, and endorsed Marco Rubio. Ron Paul’s son, Kentucky Senator Rand Paul also ran, but suspended his campaign on February 3, after coming in fifth. 