 In 2018, the total global production output of the chemical fiber industry amounted to 73.4 million metric tons. Chemical fibers are made from organic (“natural”) and synthetic polymers. Chemical fibers are manufactured industrially for various purposes. For example, polypropylene fibers are produced for upholstery textiles. Chemical fibers account for the majority of textile fibers produced worldwide. Chemical fiber production worldwide Global production of chemical fibers has seen considerable growth since 2000. In 2000, some 31 million metric tons of chemical fibers were produced. By 2018, some 73.4 million metric tons of chemical fibers were produced globally, of which 66.6 million metric tons were synthetic fibers and 6.8 million metric tons were cellulose fibers. In 2018, a total of some 105.6 million metric tons of textile fibers were produced. In 2018, some 90 percent of chemical fiber production took place outside the U.S., Western Europe, Japan, and Germany. Chemical fibers are made from organic (“natural”) and synthetic polymers. They are manufactured industrially for various purposes. Polypropylene fibers are produced for upholstery textiles. Acrylic fibers are used in filters and artificial wool for sweaters. Nylon fibers are essential to the hosiery industry and to carpet manufacturing. Teflon is a chemical fiber used as a sealant for pipe threads and vessels. It can be found in self-lubricating bearings. Kevlar, another chemical fiber, is a key component in bullet-proof vests and automobile tires, as it is several times stronger than steal and is fire resistant. The textile and apparel manufacturing industry relies heavily on chemical fibers. Cotton and cotton blend fibers are the favorite fibers worn by U.S. consumers. Though natural fibers, not chemical fibers, are created from cotton, cotton blended textiles mix cotton fibers with chemical fibers to change a textile’s qualities. Polyester fibers are often blended with cotton to create crease-resistant qualities. Cotton-rayon blends are soft and fuzzy. 