 This statistic shows the American Customer Satisfaction Index scores for limited-service restaurant chains in the United States from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the ACSI score for all limited-service restaurants in the U.S. was 79. ACSI for limited-service restaurants - additional information In 2019, the limited-service restaurant chain in the United States with the highest American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) score was Chick-fil-A. With a score of 86 out of 100, the chain was seven points higher than the average score for all limited-service restaurants. McDonald’s was the lowest with a score of 69. In a survey conducted by Consumers Reports, McDonald's received the lowest taste rating out of a group of 21 popular burger chains in the U.S. Also among the lowest scorers on the ACSI were KFC and Taco Bell, both subsidiaries of Yum! Brands, Inc. The highest ranked restaurant chain was Chick-fil-A, a relatively new entry into the ACSI index, specializing in chicken sandwiches. Founded in 1946 the restaurant chain is associated with Southern United States and was also the most popular chicken restaurant chain among U.S. consumers as of April 2018. Two restaurant chains - Chipotle and Panera Bread - are also relatively new entries to the index. Chipotle Mexican Grill specializes in burritos and tacos. The company is committed to selling 'food with integrity, it uses organic ingredients, and serves naturally raised meat . Panera Bread is a fast casual bakery-cafe, founded in 1981. The chain offers soups, salads, pasta, and bakery items . These new entries have diversified the index and challenged the typically high scores of the pizza restaurants. Pizza in general is a favorite with U.S. consumers – Italian was their fourth favorite type of food to eat at restaurants after American cuisine in 2016. Pizza was also by far the most popular type of food for takeout or delivery. In 2018, consumers spent 36.5 billion U.S. dollars in the quick-service restaurant pizza category in the U.S. 