How many users does Facebook have? With almost 2.5 billion monthly active users as of the fourth quarter of 2019, Facebook is the biggest social network worldwide. In the third quarter of 2012, the number of active Facebook users surpassed one billion, making it the first social network ever to do so. Active users are those which have logged in to Facebook during the last 30 days. During the last reported quarter, the company stated that 2.9 billion people were using at least one of the company's core products (Facebook, WhatsApp, Instagram, or Messenger) each month. Facebook’s beginnings Founded in 2004, Facebook is currently the biggest social networking service based on global reach and total active users. Launched by Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg and some of his contemporaries, the service was initially only available to Harvard students but soon expanded to regional universities, the Ivy League and further colleges before opening up to high school students and global users aged 13 or over. As of October 2018, India, the United States and Indonesia rank first in terms of Facebook user base size. How Facebook works Facebook users must register before using the social network and are free to create a personal profile in order to interact with other users which they can add as friends. Furthermore, Facebook users may join user groups based on workplace, college or school and can also categorize their Facebook contacts into lists. Users can post status updates or other content and message each other. Facebook users can also interact with a wide selection of applications including social games or other services like the photo-sharing app Instagram. Mobile Facebook usage The social network is also accessible to mobile web users and has published a series of apps based on original Facebook features such as Facebook Messenger, which had 1.3 billion monthly active users as of the most recently reported period4. The wide range of Facebook-related apps ensure that the company is one of the most popular app publishers worldwide based on downloads. 
How many points does LeBron James have? In January 2020, LeBron James passed Kobe Bryant on the NBA all-time scoring list, scoring 29 points to in a regular season game against the Philadelphia 76ers. If James continues to produce at about his career average, he has a shot to move up even further and pass Karl Malone with about two more full seasons of games, and even catch Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, the NBA’s current all-time leading scorer. James' current contract with the Los Angeles Lakers runs through the 2021/22 season. LeBron James already leader in playoff scoring The statistic shows only the points scored in regular season NBA games and does not take into account production in the playoffs. When looking at playoff scoring by itself, LeBron James is the all-time leading scorer in the NBA already, with 6,911 points. He is also the only player with more than 10,000 minutes played in playoff games, in large part thanks to his impressive streak of 14 consecutive playoff appearances (2004/05-2017/18) and a streak of eight straight NBA finals appearances (2010/11-2017/18). He is also the career leader for the Cleveland Cavaliers, for which he played a total of 11 seasons, in many important statistical categories like points, assists, rebounds, steals, and games played. The exclusive 30,0000 club – next member Kevin Durant? In the history of the NBA, only seven players have scored more than 30,000 points. LeBron James is the only member of this group still playing in the NBA. Of all the players active in the league right now, Kevin Durant has the best chance to join that group at some point. The 30-year-old currently plays for the Golden State Warriors and needs about 7,000 points to reach the 30K mark – about four more full seasons of work. 
How many people play Fortnite?Having burst onto the scene in 2017, Fortnite has since become a worldwide phenomenon, amassing almost 250 million players across the globe as of March 2019. How did Fortnite become so big? The reasons why Fortnite has become such a global hit are clear to see. Not only is the game free, but it is also available on most gaming platforms. On top of this, the Battle Royale-style, in which up to 100 players fight it out at one time, mean that the re-playability of the game is infinite – each game is unique. The cartoon style of the game unsurprisingly lends itself more to the younger audience, with almost two-thirds of Fortnite’s players aged between 18 and 24. It also seems that it is not just the casual gamers that are attracted to this game as over 20 percent of Fortnite fans admitted to devoting over 16 hours to the game per week. Battle for Battle Royale supremacy With the rise of games such as Fortnite, the Battle Royale game mode has never been bigger. Revenue in the Battle Royale premium console segment amounted to 2.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 and was estimated to more than double to 6.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. While Fortnite is certainly staking its claim as the king of the Battle Royale games, it faces stiff competition from PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds which, unlike Fortnite, is available on Steam. PUBG peaked at almost 3.24 million concurrent players on Steam at the beginning on 2018 and is still regularly peaking at over one million concurrent players. It seems that game developers are looking to cash in on this ever-growing market, so could new games such as Apex Legends also pose a threat to Fortnite’s supremacy? 
 The statistic shows the 20 countries with the estimated highest fertility rates in 2017. The fertility rate is the average number of children a woman gives birth to in her childbearing years. In 2017, the fertility rate in Niger was estimated to be 6.49 children per woman. High fertility rates in Africa With a fertility rate of almost 7 children per woman, Niger is the country with the highest fertility rate in the world followed by Mali. The total population of Niger is growing at a fast pace. The population growth in Niger is amongst the top 10 highest in the world. Lack of good medical conditions which include access to vaccines, antibiotics and a balanced nutrition are most common in thirds world countries. As a result, the infant mortality rates in African countries such as Niger and Mali are also amongst the highest. Nowadays, a large population growth in a country is either associated with a poor economy, lack of awareness and preventive measures or poor living conditions. Lack of access to birth control and contraception in third world countries also contributes to higher fertility rates. The global population is around 7 billion people and the African continent makes up around 1.1 billion people of the total global population, which is, among other factors, due to most of the inhabitants belonging to the low income group where children are needed to help provide for the family by starting to work at earlier ages. Statistics show that the fertility rate per woman in low income countries is twice as high as the global average. As a result, 9 out of the top 10 countries with the highest fertility rates are in Africa, as can be seen above. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in the Netherlands from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in the Netherlands was about 1.6 percent compared to the previous year. Economy of the Netherlands The Netherlands has an open economy, which implies that the country is highly dependent on foreign activities, such as imports and exports. The country’s economic policies and regulations have allowed for the country to highly benefit from strong international relations, however have increased the chances of economic struggles that correspond with the economic situations in other countries as well. The Netherlands is one of the main countries for foreign direct investments in Europe due to its strategic location, superior technological infrastructure as well as international business environment, a reputation that has all but grown more formidable over the years. Additionally, the country’s tourism industry makes up a rather large part of its GDP. Despite feeling the effects of the global financial crisis of 2008 as well as the Eurozone crisis, many aspects of the Dutch economy are highly prosperous, most notably with its low inflation rates. Unemployment within the country, in spite of a slight increase over the past several years, has remained relatively low in comparison many other European countries that were equally as affected by recession. 
 In 2018, China had more smartphone users than any country in the world at over 850 million. India had the second most smartphone users, though less than half as many as China. These two countries are expected to continue to lead the smartphone user ranking, as China and India also rank one and two in regards to the largest populations worldwide and still have strong growth potential due to a relatively low smartphone penetration rate. Smartphone penetration as economic indicator The smartphone penetration rate can be used as one indicator to measure how advanced the economy of a country is. A smartphone penetration rate above 70 percent, for example, is common in countries with advanced economies. Outside Western Europe and the United States, smartphone penetration was highest in South Korea, Israel, and Australia, as more than 80 percent of the population in these countries is using a smartphone. Japan and Canada are notable exceptions to the 70 percent line, with penetration rates just over 65 percent. In Canada, a quarter of the population is not even using a basic mobile phone. Smartphone growth opportunities After annual smartphone sales more than tripled from 2009 to 2015, the market began to plateau around 1.5 million units per year. Growth for the smartphone market is, however, still possible in emerging economies in Africa with large populations, such as Egypt, Kenya, Ethiopia, Congo, Tanzania, and Nigeria, where mobile phone penetration is already high or picking up, but smartphones are not as pronounced yet. 
 The statistic depicts Russia's gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, Russia's real GDP grew by about 2.26 percent compared to the previous year. Trade balance of Russia With the exception of 2009, Russia’s gross domestic product was relatively stable year-over-year, however at a higher rate prior to the financial crisis. In 2012, Russia reported a trade surplus, meaning that more goods and services combined were exported than imported. However, Russia primarily profited from exporting goods, earning the majority of its revenues from its trade balance of goods, while the nation posted a trade deficit on its services, its highest loss recorded since 2003. Russia imports and exports its products and services primarily to neighboring countries or countries in Europe. Russia’s most important trade partner is arguably China, potentially due to shared borders and strong political relations between the two nations. China is accountable for roughly 19.2 percent of all of Russia’s imports, however only makes up roughly 8.3 percent of the country’s total exports. China has become an important import partner for many nations around the world as well as a country where larger companies can manufacture goods at a cheaper price. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, the real median household income in Alabama was 49,936 U.S. dollars. The average median household income in the United States was at 63,179 U.S. dollars. 
 What is the average price of residential property in the Netherlands? In the fourth quarter of 2019, a single-family home cost approximately 344,000 euros. There were large differences between the Dutch provinces, however. Single-family homes were most expensive in the central province of Utrecht with an average price of 454,000 euros, whereas a similar house in Groningen had an average price tag of 225,000 euros. Overall, the average price a private individual would pay when buying any type of existing residential property (such as single-family homes but also, for example, an apartment) was approximately 287,000 euros in 2018. Do the Dutch prefer to buy or to rent a house? The Netherlands had a slightly higher home ownership rate (the share of owner-occupied dwellings of all homes) in 2017 than other countries in Northwestern Europe. 69 percent of all Dutch houses were owned, whereas this percentage was roughly 51 percent in Germany and 64 percent in France. This is an effect of past developments: the price to rent ratio (the nominal purchase price of a house divided by the annual rent of a similar place) shows that for a long time it was relatively cheaper to buy a property in the Netherlands than to rent one. Life for rent: mortgages in the Netherlands Additionally, the Netherlands has one of the highest mortgage debts among private individuals in Europe. In 2018, total debt reached a value of approximately 714 billion euros. This has a political background as the Dutch tax system allowed homeowners for many years to deduct interest paid on mortgage from pre-tax income for a maximum period of thirty years, essentially allowing for income support for homeowners. In the Netherlands, this system is known as hypotheekrenteaftrek. Note that since 2014, the Dutch government is slowly scaling this down with a planned acceleration from 2020 onwards. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in Spain from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Spain increased by about 1.68 percent compared to the previous year. Inflation in Spain As explained briefly above, inflation is commonly defined as the level of prices for goods and services in a country’s economy over a certain time span. It increases when the total money supply of a country increases, causing the money’s value to decrease, and prices to increase again in turn. Nowadays the term “inflation” is used more or less synonymously with “price level increase”. Its opposite is deflation, which, in short, means a decrease of the price level. Spain and its economy have been severely affected by the financial crisis of 2008 (as can be seen above), when the real estate bubble imploded and caused the demand for goods and services to decrease and the unemployment rate in Spain to increase dramatically. Even though deflation only occurred for one year in 2009 and the price level has been increasing since, Spain’s economy still has a long way to go until full recovery. Apart from the inflation rate and the unemployment rate, gross domestic product / GDP growth in Spain and the trade balance of goods in Spain, i.e. the exports of goods minus the imports, are additional indicators of Spain’s desolate condition during the economic crisis and its slow and difficult recovery ever since. Still, there is a silver lining for Spain’s economy. All in all, things seems to be improving economically, albeit slowly; many key indicators are starting to stabilize or even pick up again, while others still have some recovering to do. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Indonesia from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Indonesia's real gross domestic product grew by around 5.17 percent compared to the previous year. Indonesia's economy on the rise Indonesia is a nation with a growing economy and a steadily increasing population. It is estimated that the total population in Indonesia will surpass 255 million inhabitants by 2016 and continue to grow fast. Indonesia reports the fourth-largest population worldwide, and it is also the fifteenth-largest country by total area. The country's biggest contributor to gross domestic product is the industry, with services close behind. In 2013, industry contributed more than 45 percent to Indonesia's gross domestic product in Indonesia. The economy in Indonesia has been on the rise over the past years, and Indonesia is slowly establishing itself as one of the world’s most powerful economic players. In 2014, Indonesia's gross domestic product (GDP) amounted to more than 856 billion U.S. dollars, that's higher than Saudi Arabia's GDP, for example. GDP is calculated by analyzing the volume and value of goods and services that a country can produce in a specific time period. Emerging markets and developing economies, such as Indonesia, make up around 57 percent of global gross domestic product. Another indicator of economic strength is GDP per capita, which helps to assess the quality of life in a country and the growth of the economy. GDP per capita in Indonesia has been estimated to almost quadruple in the time period between 2004 and 2014, indicating an increase in living standards. 
 This statistic shows a timeline with the amount of monthly active Kik messenger users worldwide as of May 2016. As of that month, the mobile messaging app announced more than 300 million registered users, up from over 240 million in August of the previous year. Mobile data from February 2017 shows that Kik users in the United States are a highly engaged audience with an average of 186 monthly usage sessions. The service was estimated to have close to 8 million monthly active users in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the total population of the Netherlands from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of the Netherlands was around 17.18 million people. Population of the Netherlands Despite its small size, the Netherlands is the twenty-third smallest nation in the European Union, and it is one of the most important nations in Europe and the world. The Netherlands is a founding member of the European Union, a member of the Group of Ten, and NATO. The total population of the Netherlands has rapidly increased over the past decade. Between 2004 and 2014, the total population increased by around 600 thousand people, currently estimated to be around 16.9 million altogether. The biggest cities in the Netherlands include Amsterdam, Rotterdam, and The Hague, with Amsterdam alone being home to almost 800 thousand residents. Among other factors, the Netherlands' increasing population is due to high life expectancy, economic growth and job opportunities. In 2011, the population of the Netherlands grew by around 0.47 percent in comparison to 2010. That same year, life expectancy at birth in the Netherlands was a little over 81 years, the highest recorded life expectancy since 2001. In addition, the unemployment rate in the Netherlands is one of the lowest unemployment rates in all of Europe. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in Australia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Australia was at about 1.96 percent compared to the previous year. Australia's economy Australia has one of the world’s largest economies and is a significant global importer and exporter. It is also labeled as one of the G20 countries, also known as the Group of Twenty, which consists of 20 major economies around the globe. The Australian economy is highly dependent on its mining sector as well as its agricultural sector in order to grow, and it exports the majority of these goods to eastern Asian countries, most prominently China. Large quantities of exports have helped Australia maintain a stable economy and furthered economic expansion, despite being affected by several economic obstacles. Australia’s GDP has seen a significant increase over the past decade, more than doubling its value, and experienced a rather quick recovery from the 2008 financial crisis, which indicates that the country experienced economic growth as well as higher productivity. One of the primary reasons is the further development of the nation’s mining industry coupled with the expansion and success of many Australian mining companies. 
 The consumer price index of the United Kingdom is forecasted to be generally stable in the near future, and only change by percentage of between 2 and 2.1 percent up until 2023. In early 2019 the CPI rate was even lower than this at 1.8 percent. Peak of 4.5 in 2011 The consumer price index is the most important measure of inflation within an economy and calculates how the cost of a typical basked of consumer goods changes over time. In the period between 2000 and 2018, the CPI rate was at its highest in 2011 when it reached 4.5 percent and at its lowest in 2015 when it was zero percent. Global comparisons While the 4.5 percent inflation rate reported by the UK in 2011 was certainly not ideal for the British economy, it pales in comparison to the countries with the worst inflation rate in the world in 2018, with the Venezuelan inflation rate a massive 929 thousand percent. 
 The leading producer of cow milk worldwide was the European Union in 2019. In that year, the 28 countries of the European Union collectively produced about 155.3 million metric tons of cow milk. The United States came in second at around 99.2 million metric tons. International dairy trade The export value of dairy product worldwide reached 52 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, up from 50 billion U.S. dollars in the previous year. As the top producer of cow milk worldwide, the European Union also was the top exporter of dairy products. Leading dairy processors The Dairy Farmers of America, based in the United States, is the biggest player in the global dairy market, while New Zealand is home to the second largest dairy production company, Fonterra. When it comes to dairy processing and dairy products, Nestlé USA is the leading company in North America, generating 14.7 billion dollars in sales in 2018. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate of women in the United States from 1990 to 2019. Unemployment among the female labor force decreased from 8.6 percent in 2010 to 3.6 percent in 2019. 
 The statistic depicts France's real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, France's real GDP grew by about 1.73 percent compared to the previous year. Unemployment in France France has one of the largest economies in the world and is the second largest economy in the European Union, behind Germany, with whom France often partnered in order to support the structure of the European Union. France is also the fourth most populated country in Europe and has maintained slow population growth since the mid 2000s. Despite being not only a European but also a global economic power, France struggled with maintaining a low unemployment rate and experienced a significant increase in unemployment after the 2008 crash, just like many other prominent industrial countries. However, unlike these other nations, unemployment continued to rise well into the 2010s, while the employment situations in neighboring and international countries improved almost every year. The lack of working opportunities is related to the Eurozone crisis that primarily affected southern European countries, such as Spain, Portugal and Italy. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Greece from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Greece was around 18.08 percent. Today, Greece reports the highest unemployment rate of all EU states. Greece's financial situation Greece is a developed country with a high-income economy, whose primary industry revolves around tourism and shipping. Agriculture also plays an important role for the country’s economy, more specifically for the EU. Greece had experienced large amounts of economic growth from the 1950s to the 1970s, however was economically devastated by the Great Recession in 2009 as well its own government debt crisis. Since the early 2000s, small increases in national debt were present within the Greek economy. These small increases turned into rather substantial surges between 2008 and 2011, which resulted in a large amount of accumulated public debt. However, financial assistance from several countries around the world as well as stimulus packages from the EU were issued to Greece, with the hopes of structural adjustments in the government and better decision making within the country in order to decrease national debt and increase productivity. The financial assistance helped stabilize Greece’s debt over the past several years, however many countries are arguing just how useful this support is, mostly because Greece has not made significant strides to improve its economy. As a result, consumers have become less optimistic about the possibility of a short term economic recovery in Greece. Additionally, investors have remained hesitant on investing into the country, generally due to an increasing debt-to-GDP ratio, which is ranked atop all countries in the European Union. The so-called debt-to-GDP ratio is an important indicator of a country’s ability to pay back its debts without incurring further debt. 
 In 2019, Canada had an estimated 34.56 million internet users. That year it was calculated that online services reached almost 96 percent of the population. 
 Out of all 50 states, New York had the highest per-capita real gross domestic product (GDP) in 2018, at 74,463 U.S. dollars. Mississippi had the lowest per-capita real GDP, at 34,434 U.S. dollars. What is real GDP? A country’s real GDP is a measure that shows the value of the goods and services produced by an economy and is adjusted for inflation. The real GDP of a country helps economists to see the health of a country’s economy and its standard of living. Downturns in GDP growth can indicate financial difficulties, such as the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009, when the U.S. GDP decreased by 2.5 percent. Why real GDP per capita matters Real GDP per capita takes the GDP of a country, state, or metropolitan area and divides it by the number of people in that area. Some argue that per-capita GDP is more important than the GDP of a country, as it is a good indicator of whether or not the country’s population is getting wealthier, thus increasing the standard of living in that area. 
 4.9 million 60-kilogram bags of coffee are expected to be consumed in Canada in the 12-month marketing year ending in October 2020. This figure has steadily increased over the past ten years, showing Canadian consumers’ love for the hot beverage. Coffee origins Most of the coffee expected to be consumed in this year will be imported into Canada, either in the form of beans or roast and ground variations. Colombia is the biggest importer of coffee to Canada in terms of value, followed by Brazil. Brands supplying the demandAlmost three quarters of Canadians had consumed coffee in the past day when surveyed. Canada is home to a wide range of coffee chains that take advantage of this demand. Tim Hortons is a Canadian owned chain with around 4,000 stores nationally. Starbucks, one of the leading coffee chains worldwide, also has a strong presence in Canada. These brands are also a popular choice among consumers when it comes to choosing which coffee to purchase for at-home consumption. 
 Across Asia, multinational conglomerate Alibaba was ranked as the most valuable brand with a brand value of approximately 131.25 billion U.S. dollars as of June 2019. Thus, it slightly surpassed its competitor Tencent in that year. Moutai, a Chinese luxury liquor brand, was the top riser in this year’s ranking. Among the listed brands, eight companies are headquartered in China. The digital economy in ChinaAlibaba Group Holding Limited specializes in e-commerce, retail, internet and technology. Its businesses include core commerce, cloud computing, digital media and entertainment as well as innovation initiatives. The Chinese e-commerce giant was the second-most valuable retail brand after Amazon. Among its subsidiaries are AliExpress, Taobao and Ant Financial. Recently, the conglomerate acquired Lazada, the largest e-commerce operator in Southeast Asia. In 2017, Alibaba’s competitor Tencent Holdings Limited made it into the $500 Billion Club by year-end. Its portfolio includes Tencent Games, Tencent Pictures and WeChat, the leading social media network in China. The conglomerate also has numerous strategic business partnerships with leading international companies such as Spotify, Warner Music Group and Sony. Considering this, it shows that the digital market is highly evolved and successful in China. By 2019, China is predicted to overtake the United States in terms of digital B2C market revenue. 
 First released at the start of 2017, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG) was the most popular game on the PC gaming platform, Steam, during 2018. The battle royale game averaged almost 853 thousand players per hour, almost twice the figure of its closest competitor, DOTA 2. PUBG’s rise to the top PUBG also topped the Steam chart for the peak number of concurrent players on the online gaming platform in 2018. The game reached over 3.2 million concurrent players at its peak in 2018 – DOTA 2 came in second place with just under 845 thousand peak concurrent players. The popularity of PUBG can be seen in the fact that cumulative unit sales of the game reached 50 million in June 2018, just over a year after its original release. The game has been both a critical and commercial success – it scooped the Best Multiplayer Game award at The Game Awards in 2017 and has generated millions of U.S. dollars worldwide, achieving the most success in the United States. Steam undisputed number one When you think of PC gaming, you automatically think of Steam. The platform, developed by Valve Corporation, had humble beginnings as a digital distribution platform for Valve to provide updates for its games. Fast forward a few years and Steam released over 9,000 games in 2018 alone and is showing no signs of slowing down. In the same year, the peak concurrent player count on the platform topped 18 million for the first time, a significant increase from six million in 2012. It seems that while Sony and Microsoft battle it out for console supremacy, Steam remains the undisputed king of PC gaming. 
 The statistic displays the annual sales revenue of John Lewis department stores in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2009 to 2019. In the year ending January 2019, the British retailer generated an annual sales revenue of over 3.8 billion British pounds, a slight drop on the year prior. John Lewis: a minor partner John Lewis department stores are part of the John Lewis Partnership plc, which also owns the upmarket grocery chain Waitrose. Unlike the dwindling revenue of John Lewis, annual sales figures for Waitrose continue to climb, granting the grocery stores a bigger share in the partnership. Online sales at John Lewis Across the UK town centers, John Lewis has about 50 department stores, selling products ranging from fashion and home textiles to furniture, homeware and electronicals. The department store retailer also puts great emphasis on its online estate: between 2011 and 2016, online sales on the John Lewis website reached 1.63 billion. A retailer with a track record of strong online performance, John Lewis continued to deliver growth in its online estate in the following years as well. 
 The statistic shows the countries that are most affected by hunger and malnutrition according to the Global Hunger Index 2019. In 2019, the Central African Republic had the highest score (53.6). Malnutrition According to the Global Hunger Index, which was adopted by the International Food Policy Research Institute, Yemen and Chad are among the countries most affected by hunger and malnutrition, with an index of 45.9 and 44.2, respectively. The World Hunger Index combines three indicators: undernourishment, child underweight, and child mortality. There are approximately 516.5 million malnourished individuals living in the Asia and Pacific region and about 239 million malnourished living in Sub-Saharan Africa. Globally, there are 821.6 million people that are considered undernourished or starving. The term malnutrition includes both undernutrition and overnutrition. Undernutrition occurs when an individual cannot maintain normal bodily functions such as growth, recovering from disease, and both learning and physical work. Some conditions such as diarrhea, malaria, HIV/AIDS are considered major causes of undernutrition. Rural and agricultural communities can be especially susceptible to hunger during certain seasons. The annual hunger gap occurs when a family’s food supply may run out before the next season’s harvest is available and can result in malnutrition. Nevertheless, the prevalence of people worldwide that are undernourished has decreased over the last decades, from 18.7 percent in 1990-92 to 10.8 percent in 2018. 
 The graph presents data on the virtual reality video gaming sales revenue worldwide from 2015 to 2020. The source estimates that the global VR gaming market size in 2016 will be worth 3.6 billion U.S. dollars. This number is expected to grow to 22.9 billion by the end of 2020. Europe and North America are the two biggest markets for virtual reality video gaming. The European market is valued at an estimate of 1.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. The North American market, led by the United States, is projected to be worth 1.5 billion U.S. dollars in the same year. Between 2016 and 2020, mobile VR gaming sales are expected to show the highest growth in sales revenue, followed by the PC and console segments. Adventure, action and simulation games seem to be the most popular VR gaming genres as more than 50 percent of gamers said they were interested in such VR games in late 2016. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Russian ruble (EURRUB), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the introduction of the euro in 1999 to 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2000 and 2016, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Russian ruble noted a steep increase. In 2009, the euro to Russian ruble annual average exchange rate was equal to 44.14, which meant that one euro could buy 44.14 Russian rubles. By 2016 this value had increased overall, to a value of 74.14 which meant that one euro could buy 74.14 Russian rubles. This increase in average annual euro to Russian ruble exchange rate is reflected in the monthly exchange rate in recent years. As of 2018 the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Russian ruble was 74.04. 
 Light vehicle sales in the United States are projected to fall to around 16.4 million units in 2021 and rebound to about 17.7 million units by 2025. In 2018, motorists in the U.S. bought some 17.2 million new automobiles and light trucks. This marked the fourth year straight that new vehicle sales in the U.S. exceeded 17 million units. Long-term investment In 2018, the average price of a new light vehicle came to almost 35,250 U.S. dollars, which is about 57 percent of the median household income in the United States. Since the acquisition of a new car is such a large investment, some 85 percent of new vehicle buyers use financing schemes. Furthermore, it is expected that new motor vehicle owners will not add new vehicles anytime soon to the cars and light trucks already in their driveways. In 2018, the average age of vehicles on U.S. roads was 11.7 years. However, this figure was even higher for households with an income level below 25,000 U.S. dollars per year. People living in such households reportedly held on to their vehicles for 13 years. 
 In 2018, there were roughly 3.3 million German households with a household net income of under 900 euros per month. In total, there were approximately 40.4 million private households in Germany that year. Disposable net income Based on most recent figures, the largest number of households had a monthly net income of 3,200 to 4,500 euros. While at first glance this amount may seem substantial, based on general German standards of living, it’s worth noting that flexibility and expenditure depends on the number of people living in a household, or rather the number of earners in relation to that number. In the case of employed population members, what remains as disposable net income is influenced by various regular payments made by households after the already taxed salary arrives. These payments include, but are not limited to, rent, different types of insurance, repaying loans, fees for internet and mobile phone services. Food and housing When looking at private household spending in Germany, consistent patterns emerge. Housing, water, electricity, gas and other fuel made up the largest share, followed by food, beverages and tobacco. Spending for the latter has only been going up in recent years. 
 In 2018, the United States spent around 633.57 billion U.S. dollars on its military. This figure is a decrease from 2010, when U.S. military spending amounted to 784.84 billion U.S. dollars. What military spending entails Military spending in the United States is the part of the national budget for the Department of Defense. This budget is designated for the four branches of the United States military, and is used for everything from salaries, trainings, development of new military technologies, and new aircraft and weaponry. The high cost of U.S. spending The United States is well known for spending more on its military than any other country. In 2018, it was estimated that the per capita defense spending amounted to 1,989 U.S. dollars. While this figure is extremely high, many Americans may find it worthwhile, as a majority believe the United States to be the number one military power in the world. 
 The statistic shows the revenue Manchester United generated from its jersey sponsorship deal from the 2009/10 season to the 2019/20 season. In the 2019/20 Manchester United season received 64 million GBP from its jersey sponsor Chevrolet. 
 Taking full advantage of the perks of the fantasy genre, J.R.R. Tolkien not only invented a whole universe, he also did not adhere to known age structures when he wrote The Lord of The Rings. The ages of his characters differ wildly; Gollum is almost 600 years old, while Elrond, the elf, is several thousand years old, and Gandalf the Grey – and later the White – is immortal (for display reasons, both are thus not mentioned here). One trilogy to rule them all Already an established literary success, the 2001-2003 The Lord of the Rings movie adaptations by Peter Jackson were also extremely successful at the box office and even won several Oscars. The third part in particular, The Return of the King, was very popular. There have been other adaptations of the trilogy, for radio, stage, and television, but none were ever that successful. There and back again After the immense success of The Lord of the Rings, Jackson then decided to also adapt the prequel. The Hobbit, which Tolkien had written as a children’s book and which is much shorter than The Lord of the Rings, was adapted into a trilogy as well and turned out to be equally successful in cinemas. 
 The states with the highest rates of pertussis include Vermont, Wisconsin, Alaska and Maine. Pertussis is more commonly known as whooping cough. It is a respiratory disease that causes uncontrollable coughing. Whooping cough is highly contagious, but deaths are rare. Pertussis vaccination There are two vaccines in the U.S. that help to prevent pertussis. These are the DTaP, for children under 7 years, and the Tdap, for older children, teens and adults. These vaccines are highly recommended, and a majority of children and teens receive them. In 2017, around 83 percent of children aged 19 to 35 months had received the DTaP vaccine. Pertussis cases The number of cases of pertussis in the United States have decreased significantly since the introduction of vaccines that prevent the disease. In 1950, there were around 120,700 new cases of pertussis in the U.S., compared to just under 18,000 new cases in 2016. In that year, there were around 5.56 new cases of pertussis per 100,000 population. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of all National Hockey League teams in the 2018/19 season. The average regular season home attendance of the Nashville Predators franchise was 17,445, slightly lower than the overall average attendance in the NHL. 
 The U.S. state with the highest average price per gallon of maple syrup was Connecticut, at 76 U.S. dollars in 2018. Minnesota had the second highest price on average, at 61.5 U.S. dollars per gallon of maple syrup. Maple syrup production Canada takes great pride in being a major producer of maple syrup worldwide. In 2018, Canada generated 9.8 million gallons of maple syrup, down from 12.51 million gallons the year before. The United States also produces a large volume of maple syrup, at 4.16 million gallons in that year. Syrup consumption in the United States In the United States, maple syrup is traditionally eaten with pancakes, waffles, or French toast. There are many maple syrup imitation products on the market which are much less expensive than genuine maple syrup but that taste similar. These are often referred to as “pancake syrup” and include brands such as Mrs. Buttersworth and Log Cabin. It is estimated that around 272 million Americans use pancake and table syrup as of 2018. The most used brand of pancake/table syrup in the United States is Aunt Jemima. 
 In the third quarter of 2019, the debt to equity ratio in the United States amounted to 84.18 percent. Debt to equity ratio explained The debt to equity financial ratio indicates the relationship between shareholders' equity and debt used to finance the assets of a company. In order to make the calculation the data of the two required components are taken from the firm’s balance sheet. If the company is a publicly traded company then it is possible to make the calculation by taking the market value for both. The composition of debt and equity of an enterprise is much debated as is the influence that it is able to exert on the value of the firm. Nevertheless, it is important in helping investors such as banks to identify companies that are highly leveraged and therefore pose a higher risk. It is best explained by taking the example of an entrepreneur wishing to expand their operation and going to the bank for a loan. If this small business owner had total assets amounting to 120,000 U.S. dollars and liabilities (mostly loans) amounting to 100,000 U.S. dollars the bank to which the request is being made would first have to deduce the business owner’s equity; 20,000 dollars (total assets minus liabilities). With this figure the bank would proceed to divide total liabilities by equity, which gives the ratio of 500 percent. In other terms, this means that for every one dollar of equity the small business owner has 5 dollars of debt. He is highly leveraged and therefore represents high risk to the bank. 
 In the U.S. state of Nevada, there were approximately 164.1 thousand slot machines and other mobile gaming devices in casinos in 2018. Since 1965, this figure had been steadily increasing up until the year 2000 in which it also reached its peak with around 213 thousand slot machines and other mobile gaming devices in casinos. From 2000 on, the number of casino gaming devices in Nevada has been going down continuously. Slot machines bring money into Nevada’s coffers Casinos make up the largest part of the commercial gaming segment, which is very popular with U.S.-citizens and also a lucrative revenue source. In the 2018 fiscal year, casinos in the state of Nevada generated a total of more than 11 billion U.S. dollars in revenue from gaming. Las Vegas, the largest city in Nevada and globally renowned for its casinos, was the location accounting by far for the highest proportion of the commercial gaming revenue in the whole of the United States. The casino market of Las Vegas generated around six and a half billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Consumer demographics A survey found that over 30 percent of respondents aged 30 to 49 years used slot machines in casinos in the United States. This seems to be a pastime preferred by older generations as comparatively, only around 22 percent of respondents were between 18 and 29 years old. 
 In the most recently reported fiscal year, eBay's annual net revenue amounted to more than 10.8 billion U.S. dollars, only a slight increase from 10.7 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding year. The majority of eBay’s revenues are generated via marketplace transaction fees. eBay – further information Founded in 1995, eBay is one of the oldest online shopping destinations with operations localized in over 30 countries. eBay.com is a global platform, allowing people and businesses to buy and sell a large variety of goods and services worldwide. In addition to auction style listings, eBay also expanded to include fixed-price “Buy it Now” shopping, in addition to localized classifieds listings. As of the fourth quarter of 2019, eBay’s classifieds revenue amounted to 269 million U.S. dollars. As of December 2019, the online shopping platform had 183 million active buyers worldwide. Up until July 2015, eBay was the owner of digital payment company PayPal. As one of the most popular online payment methods worldwide, PayPal was a major revenue generator for eBay. PayPal was spun off into a separate company and post-split revenues of eBay have remained stable. The company has also managed to successfully leverage mobile to its advantage - as of September 2019, the eBay mobile app was ranked as one of the most popular mobile shopping apps in the United States. Other popular mobile shopping apps include online competitor Amazon, along with the digital offerings of traditional brick and mortar retailers such as Walmart or Target. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of France from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of France amounted to around 2.55 trillion U.S. dollars. For comparison, the Greek debt amounted to approximately 360 billion euros that same year. French national debt and developments in taxationFrance currently has one of the highest national debt levels of any of the world’s nations. Debt in the European Union’s second largest economy is currently at around 97 percent of GDP. The cost of interest on the country’s debt alone comes in at over 1,600 euros per second; every man, woman and child in France, of which there are 65.3 million in total, take a share of just under 28 thousand euros of the debt. On the 6 May, 2012, the incumbent French President was defeated by François Hollande, leader of the French Socialist Party. The new President vowed to develop and change the tax system of France, announcing wide ranging economic policies in a bid to balance the nation’s budget and right what he considered to be social wrongs. He pledged and supported the separation of lending and investment banks, as well as proposing sweeping changes to the French tax system. The introduction of the measure of capping tax loopholes at a maximum of ten thousand euros per year and questioning the solidarity tax on wealth, the annual direct wealth tax on those with assets in excess of 1.3 million, were also part of Hollande’s proposals. The President has also signalled his intention to implement an income tax rate of 75 percent on revenue earned above one million euros per year. He stated the allocation of the revenue from this tax would be used to develop the deprived suburbs and to balance the nation's budget by 2017. France is a country brimming with big business and millionaires. The nation is home to the most millionaires in Europe; 2.6 million in total. 
 The timeline shows Walmart's net sales worldwide from 2006 to 2019. In 2018, Walmart's global net sales amounted to about 500.34 billion U.S. dollars.WalmartWal-Mart was founded in 1962 by Sam Walton when he and his brother James “Bud” Walton opened the first Wal-Mart Discount City in Rogers, Arkansas. Since then, Wal-Mart has grown to become the largest publicly-owned retail company in the world. In the United States, the company includes Wal-Mart discount stores, Supercenters, Neighborhood Markets, and Sam’s Club warehouse membership clubs. The company also has many international operations. Wal-Mart is considered a variety store which focuses on low prices featuring apparel as well as hard goods, and has been committed to upholding their basic value of customer service.Beginning in the early 1990s, Wal-Mart went to great lengths to increase their market share. They introduced a full line of groceries into their stores, diversified their market by appealing to certain ethnic groups through bilingual advertisements, and took steps to promote the awareness of environmental issues.In 2017, Wal-Mart operated over eleven thousand stores worldwide; with 4,672 of those stores located in the United States alone. Even though Wal-Mart has been criticized for their low wages, they claim to do a lot of good for lower income households. Figures show that a family can save about one thousand U.S. dollars a year with their ability to cut prices on some products, such as toys, by thirty percent in order to stimulate more sales. 
 Global online travel company Booking Holdings generated approximately 15.07 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2019, up from 14.53 billion the previous year. A major player in the online travel sector Booking Holdings has become one of the key players in the global online travel industry as the company’s revenue has seen steady growth over the past 12 years. While the revenue of main competitor, Expedia, has also been growing over the past years, the rival company generated a comparatively smaller revenue of 12.07 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. Advertising could be partially responsible for this growth with Booking Holdings performance advertising expenses amounting to approximately 4.42 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. What do people book? The majority of bookings made through Booking Holdings are hotel room nights – in 2019, this figure amounted to 845 million. They also offer transportation booking - with 77 million rental car days being booked through the company and seven million airline tickets in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in baseball in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in baseball amounted to approximately 15.64 million. 
 As of 2018, the average annual wage of Germany was 40.5 thousand Euros per year, a growth of just over 5.8 thousand Euros when compared with 2000. From 2000 until 2007, wages rose by less than a thousand euros, with wage growth accelerating mainly in the period after 2010. The 607 Euro increase recorded between 2010 and 2011 was the largest wage rise seen during this period. Comparisons with rest of the EU Within the European Union Luxembourg had an average annual salary of over 71 thousand U.S dollars, with Germany having an annual salary comparable to other large European Countries, such as the United Kingdom and France. In neighboring Poland, the average annual salary was just over 13 thousand U.S dollars, meaning that German’s earned, on average, more than three times what their Polish counterparts did. German economy slowing in 2019 While Germany initially had one of the strongest recoveries from the 2008 financial crash and as of 2018 had the largest economy in Europe its economy has started to slow in recent years. For 2019 the German economy is forecasted to grow at a rate of only 0.75 percent, compared with 2.46 percent in 2017. Although the economic outlook is set to improve slightly in 2020, it remains to be seen if the low levels of growth predicted in the coming years will have an impact on German wages. 
 This graph shows the monthly United Kingdom (UK) market share for BMW from July 2014 to December 2019. The company's market share had a range between 4.9 and 9.8 percent during this time period. In December 2019, BMW's market share was around 9.5 percent. In 2019, market shares fluctuated between 5.2 and 9.5 percent. Compared to previous years, the German car brand's market share had gradually grown, despite lower unit sales. Only a few brands, such as Volkswagen and Ford performed better. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Japan from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the gross domestic product per capita in Japan was around 38,342.74 U.S. dollars. For further information, see Japan's GDP. Japan's economy Japan is the world’s second largest developed economy and a member of the Group of Eight, also known as G8, which is comprised of the eight leading industrialized countries. Due to a weak financial sector, overregulation and a lack of demand, Japan suffered substantially from the early 1990s until 2000, a time referred to as ‘’The Lost Decade’’. Japan’s economy is still slowly recovering from the country’s asset price bubble collapse; however it continues to struggle to retain economic milestones achieved in the 1980s. Japan’s response to the crash was to stimulate the economy, which in turn resulted in extensive amounts of debt that further increased into the 21st century, most notably after the 2008 financial crisis. Despite maintaining a surprisingly low unemployment rate, demand within the country remains inadequate, primarily because Japanese residents spend a rather small fraction of the money they earned from the workplace. Lower demand often has a direct effect on production, with companies seeing not enough profits to continue production at such a high rate. Based on the consumer confidence index, Japanese households found that their quality of life, income growth, employment and propensity to durable goods was below satisfactory standards, perhaps due to these households still experiencing the effects of the 1990s bubble crash. 
 In 2018, Germany's real gross domestic product grew by around 1.52 percent compared to the previous year. By 2024, the German GDP is expected to increase by 1.17 percent compared to the previous year. Keeping it real Real gross domestic product is, by definition, a measure of the value of economic output adjusted for inflation. While nominal gross domestic product (GDP), often only referred to as gross domestic product, reflects the state of a country’s economy including everything produced by the inhabitants within the country, real GDP is a more precise measurement of economic growth since it takes price change into account. Germany’s race to the top Germany’s social market economy is one of the largest worldwide and continues to thrive. One of the strongest industries in Germany is car manufacturing: Several German vehicle manufacturers, like Daimler, Volkswagen, or BMW, are among the major global market players and have brought in billions of euros in revenue in the past years, fueling the economy for years to come. 
 First launched in 2002, Xbox Live is an online multiplayer service associated with Microsoft’s Xbox line of consoles. In the fourth fiscal quarter of 2019, Microsoft's online gaming service had 65 million monthly active users, up from just under 40 million at the beginning of 2016. Xbox Live perks Xbox Live is available as a free service, but it also has paid tiers known as Xbox Live Silver and Xbox Live Gold. Many of the key features that gamers look for in the service, such as online gaming and access to exclusive games, are restricted to the Gold service. The Gold service also includes a Games with Gold program, in which gamers are offered access to digital downloads of games every month. Xbox One gamers have access to two games every month, with the cumulative retail value of these games reaching a combined 850 U.S. dollars throughout 2018. King of the consoles? Since its release in November 2013, the Xbox One console, seen as the successor to the beloved Xbox 360, has sold over 42 million units worldwide. The console has sold particularly well in the United States, with the country accounting for over half of the global sales of the Microsoft machine. However, the Xbox One still has some way to go to catch up with its old rival, Sony’s PlayStation. Sales of the PlayStation 4 are slowly creeping towards the 100 million mark in 2019, far surpassing those of the Xbox One. Moreover, after the flop of the WiiU, Nintendo is also staking its claim once more as a console giant - sales of its newest console, the Nintendo Switch, are rapidly on the rise. It seems that Microsoft has a fight on its hands in the struggle for console supremacy. 
 This statistic shows the average number of hours that students spent studying per week in the United States in 2011. The results are divided by major. On average an architecture major spent 23.7 hours per week studying. An economics major spent on average 14.4 hours per week studying. 
 Two-wheeler sales in India reached an all-time high as of 2019, when India's auto industry sold some 21 million units. This figure is almost double the 2011 sales, when just 11.77 million two-wheeler units were sold in India. Two-wheeler industry in India In 2019, two-wheeler vehicles also made up the majority of vehicles in production in India, followed by passenger vehicles. There are many kinds of two-wheeler vehicles available in India, including scooters, motorcycles, and mopeds. As of 2018, the leading two-wheeler manufacturer in India was Hero MotoCorp. The manufacturer of the highly sought-after Splendor motorcycle model is headquartered in India's capital New Delhi. Major automotive brands in IndiaMotor vehicle sales in India have doubled between 2008 and 2018. Among passenger cars, Maruti Suzuki, followed by Hyundai Motor of India, holds a majority of the market. India’s best-selling cars in 2018 included models such as Alto, Swift Dzire and Baleno, to name a few. 
 This statistic presents the annual revenue of mobile messaging platform Snap. In 2019, the photo and video sharing app had generated over 1.7 billion U.S. dollars in revenues, up from 1.18 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding year. 
 This statistic presents the most attractive financial centers worldwide as of September 2019. The private institute Z/Yen has constructed an index for financial center rating, in which a multitude of factors are integrated. New York proved to be the most attractive financial center in 2019, with 790 points assigned in the Z/Yen report. Financial centers – additional information A financial center is a region or city with strategic location to the financial industry. It is a place where various participants of the financial sector, such as banks, trading companies, stock exchanges and other institutions, are concentrated in one area. Financial hubs can be characterized by solid infrastructure, stable regulatory and political environments, attractive taxation rules and the availability of various opportunities to help the trade and business grow. According to a survey carried out among financial services professionals in 2018 the most important factors determining the competitiveness of a financial center were business environment, human capital, reputation, infrastructure and financial sector development. According to the Global Financial Centers Index constructed by Z/Yen institute, the following locations have been distinguished as most attractive financial hubs in North America: New York, Toronto, San Francisco, Los Angeles, and Chicago. In Latin America, Cayman Islands, Bermuda and Mexico City were given the highest scores. As far as offshore financial centers are concerned, the British Virgin Islands, Gibraltar, the Cayman Islands and Hamilton were ranked highest. An offshore financial center is usually a small country or island with less strict regulatory requirements and a low-tax environment. When financial sector professionals were asked which financial centers were likely to become more significant in the next years as 2018, they indicated the following locations: Qingdao, Shanghai, Stuttgart, Hong Kong, and Paris. 
 The median age of the population in Malaysia is expected to reach 30.3 years in 2020, meaning that half of the population will be younger than this age and half will be older. Malaysia had an estimated population of 32.8 million in 2019, in line with a steady rise expected to continue through at least 2024. The average age has increased since its low point of 16.9 years in 1965 and is projected to increase to around 40 years by 2050. Implications of average age Average age is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In recent years, around 69 percent of the population in Malaysia has been aged between 15-64 years. This suggests that millions of Malaysians are of working age, and most are working: Malaysia has a relatively low unemployment rate at 3.36 percent as of 2018. Malaysia is considered to have one of the strongest economies in the region. The Malaysian economy Malaysia’s gross domestic product (GDP) is estimated to be around 373 billion U.S. dollars, with services and industry being the economic sectors with the greatest shares in GDP generation. The Malaysian economy is fueled by its natural resources, though its commerce and technology sectors have also expanded. Malaysia’s trade balance has been positive consistently for the last decade, i.e. the country has consistently reported trade surplus. 
 Canadians aged between 25 and 34 had the highest rate of cannabis consumption nationally as of December 2019. Some 26.9 percent of survey respondents in this age group stated that they consumed cannabis of any form in the past three months. Those aged 65 or older had the lowest levels of consumption, with just 6.1 percent of respondents consuming cannabis in this time. Age related opinions on legalization Canada became only the second country worldwide to legalize the use of marijuana for recreational purposes in all provinces in October 2018. Unsurprisingly, most Canadians who approved of this legalization when surveyed in October 2018, were aged between 18 and 34. The highest rates of disapproval came from those aged 65 or over. Canadians aged 18 to 34 have also been the most active in the post-legalization cannabis market. For example, around 25 percent of this age group had visited a website that sells cannabis online and 17 percent had used cannabis in October 2018. 
 This statistic presents the social network, voip service, and messenger app penetration rate in Turkey as of the 3rd quarter of 2019. The most used social network was YouTube with a 90 percent penetration rate followed by Instagram with 83 percent. A The information presented is an extrapolation of data gained during a survey and represents users' own claimed activity. The overall penetration rate of social networks in Turkey is lower than 60 percent according to Statista data. This is probably due to different methodological approaches. For 2016, Statista estimated a 44.2 percent penetration rate for social networks in Turkey. We are Social's estimates translate to roughly 48 million monthly active social media users, while Statista estimates put the number at 34.23 million users in 2016. 
 In 2019, the unemployment rate in Bangladesh was at approximately 4.29 percent. After a decrease from 2010 through 2012, Bangladesh’s unemployment has been steady at around 4.4 percent. Stuck in the middle? In the Asia-Pacific region, Bangladesh’s economy is ranked somewhere in the middle, lower than Pakistan, but even higher than New Zealand. The same is true for gross national income (GNI) and about the same for unemployment (where it ranks eighth, behind China, Australia, and Afghanistan). But Bangladesh’s figures are not always seemingly mediocre: It is one of the most densely populated countries with one of the largest populations worldwide. On the way up Most of Bangladesh’s workforce is employed in the tertiary sector, which is gaining workers while the share of employed people in the primary sector, including agriculture, is decreasing. The country’s GDP is on a steady upswing, while inflation seems to recover and level off at around 5 percent for now. Bangladesh is, after all, one of the world’s fastest-growing economies. 
 Iran’s gross domestic product (GDP) declined by 4.85 percent in 2018 after adjusting for inflation. This figure fell from 12.5 percent growth two years ago, which had been a reaction to sanctions lifting after the Joint Comprehensive Plan of Action (JPCOA) regarding Iran’s nuclear program. United States president Donald Trump ended that country’s participation in the deal, imposing new sanctions. Political influence on the economy Political tensions have hampered the economy of Iran, keeping growth low in spite of the country’s considerable oil reserves. The effect of these sanctions becomes obvious when looking at Iran’s oil exports to Europe over the past decade. Some analysts have blamed the new sanctions for the increase in Iran’s inflation rate, as well as the currency depreciation that has accompanied it. Iran’s options Although Iran’s main export partners are largely in Asia, many of the transactions are carried out using U.S. dollars. Even though other means of payment are possible, some countries worry about political ramifications of continuing trade relations with Iran. Iran’s greatest strength at the moment may be its low national debt, meaning that it can borrow a substantial amount of money if it can find a willing lender. However, given the instability of the political situation worldwide and regionally, it is difficult to assume that such a borrower exists at the moment. 
Body modification, especially tattooing, has proven to be very popular over the last few years. In the United States alone, more than a quarter of the population is adorned with at least one tattoo, and less than 40 percent of Americans would rule out getting one completely. Most get their first in their twenties, and the vast majority never regrets that first prick of the needle. In other countries, the share of tattooed inhabitants is even higher. Tattoos have not always been that socially acceptable, though: For a long time, they were sure indicators that their owner was up to no good. Fringe markings Only a few decades ago, tattooed people were often perceived as socially inadequate, maladaptive, and even as criminal. Body ink was associated with people who lived on the fringes of society, people who had been to jail or worked as sailors at best. Nowadays, tattooed people are often still considered more rebellious and less respectable than those without, but having a tattoo does not lead to social ostracism anymore. In fact, they are becoming more and more mainstream. Hoist the colors Today, tattoos are a means of self-expression, especially embraced by the younger generations. They have become acceptable for professionals as well, while they have been hidden in public under long sleeves and collars for decades, they are now often shown off proudly; professional reasons are rarely cited for not having a tattoo nowadays. The insignificance of professional reasons becomes even clearer when looking at how socially acceptable visible tattoos have become for “respectable” professions, like doctors or police officers. Other body modifications, like piercings, are also becoming mainstream, and at this rate, it won’t be long until we see a judge with a nose stud or a doctor with a lip ring. 
 The statistic depicts the market value of the largest internet companies worldwide as of June 2019. That year, e-commerce company Amazon's market value was 888 billion U.S. dollars. Alphabet, the parent company of search market leader Google, had a market value of 741 billion U.S. dollars. The end of the 1990 in the United States saw the rise of a great number of internet companies, also called online companies or a variety of the name “dot com,” where the “.com” domain is derived from the word commercial. At the time, such startups were merely riding the wave of early internet business, but had little capital and perhaps one good idea. Few companies have survived the burst of the dot com bubble and even fewer have managed to become internationally successful. A few notable exceptions are American companies such as Google (founded in 1998), Amazon (founded in 1994) or eBay Inc. (founded in 1995), and the Chinese online giant Alibaba (founded in 1998), which have come to be some of the largest internet companies in the world. Topping the ranking of largest internet companies worldwide is currently Alphabet, the parent company of Google, with a market capitalization of 741 billion U.S. dollars as of June 2019. Having started as a PhD project at Stanford University, the Google project slowly gained traction and is now the number one search engine in the world, with a market share of 90 percent on the search engine market. Due to a number of high profile acquisitions, Google has expanded its portfolio beyond search, to include the video content sharing site YouTube, the digital app platform Google Play Store, the webmail service Gmail and the web browser Google Chrome, to only name a few. As of March 2019, it is also the most visited multi-platform website in the United States, with almost 256 million U.S. unique visitors during that month alone. In October 2015, Google reorganized itself into a newly created parent company, the multinational conglomerate Alphabet Inc. The biggest internet companies in terms of their workforce are currently Amazon, Google and eBay. 
 The statistic depicts the total mortgage debt outstanding in the United States from 2001 to 2018. The total mortgage debt outstanding in the U.S. amounted to approximately 15.4 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. Mortgage debt outstanding – additional information The amount of outstanding mortgage debt in the United States has decreased since 2008 making it appear that Americans are trying to reduce their debt and stock up on savings as a result of the economic crisis. While this may be true, decreases in mortgage debt can be mainly attributed to decreases in mortgage debt outstanding on family residences and not all of this debt reduction has come willingly. High numbers of housing unit foreclosures have likely reduced mortgage debt overall, in addition to mortgage debt restructuring and short-sales. The result of which would have had a great impact on mortgage debt overall, given the fact that household mortgage debt composes by far the largest share of household debt) and because the total value of mortgage debt in the United States is around 10 trillion U.S. dollars. However, it is not only mortgage debt that has contributed to this decrease, but also nonfarm and non-residential property has probably made a significant impact as well. In contrast, mortgages on multifamily residences and farm properties increase from year to year. Their value, however, is much smaller than the one of the previously mentioned debts and as such doesn’t have a big impact on the total value of outstanding mortgage debt in the U.S. 
 Prices in New Zealand rose by 1.6 percent in 2018. After a dip in the following year, inflation was forecast to remain steady around 2 percent for the foreseeable future. Central bankers at the Reserve Bank of New Zealand were surely relieved to see the rebound from the dangerously low .31 percent inflation in 2015. What is inflation? Inflation is the rise in price levels in an economy. 2 percent inflation means 100 New Zealand dollars will be worth 98 dollars in one year. While the precise inflation target varies, most economists agree that inflation between 2 to 3 percent is optimal for an economy. High inflation can lead to higher unemployment because firms would rather wait and higher workers at the same price using future dollars, making the labor relatively cheaper. However, it affects the trade balance because of the relatively higher purchasing power of foreign currencies. Other risks of inflation and deflation Inflation helps a country with higher national debt when the debt is in the local currency, because the country can repay with the future dollars which are relatively cheaper. Deflation, then, helps when debts are in a foreign currency. The main problem with deflation is that investors prefer to hold their money, waiting to invest until it is worth more. This is particularly true of countries like New Zealand, where the lion’s share of employment is in the services sector. 
 This statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in Turkey from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The real GDP is also known as economic growth. In 2018, the growth of the real GDP in Turkey was at approximately 2.83 percent compared to the previous year. Turkey's economy Based on economic standards, Turkey is recognized as an emerging market and is one of the world’s newly industrialized countries, having earned a place in the Group of Twenty, which is a group consisting of the twenty most important economies in the world. Turkey’s economical significance is partially attributed to the country’s growth, especially during the recent global financial recession. While countries around the world struggled to grow, let alone maintain a balanced economy, Turkey experienced a rather high percentage of gross domestic product growth annually. Additionally, Turkey’s financial sector saw significant improvements, most notably with the country’s inflation, which reached rates lower than those prior to the financial crash and even the lowest in a decade. With a rapidly growing populace as well as having had one of the fastest growing economies in Europe and the world, Turkey managed to maintain a stable and unchanged unemployment rate over the past decade, with the exception of 2009. However, despite a significant spike in unemployment, Turkey’s competent management helped bring the total unemployment rate to single digits for the first time in many years. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Cleveland Cavaliers franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.51 billion U.S. dollars. 
 With a Gross Domestic Product of approximately 3.4 trillion Euros, the German economy was by far the largest in Europe in 2018. The similar sized economies of the United Kingdom and France were the second and third largest economies in Europe during this year, followed by Italy and Spain. With a Gross Domestic Product of almost 600 billion Euros, Switzerland had the largest European economy outside of the European Union. Return of the Celtic Tiger? The Republic of Ireland's Gross Domestic Product was estimated to have grown by 6.8 percent in 2018, making it the fastest growing economy in the European Union. Other countries which also grew quite fast in this year, were Malta, Poland and Hungary reporting growth rates of 6.2, 5.1 and 4.8 percent respectively. The big five Germany’s economy has consistently had the largest economy in Europe since 1980, even before the reunification of West and East Germany. The United Kingdom, by contrast, has had mixed fortunes during the same time period and had a smaller economy than Italy in the late 1980s. The UK also suffered more than the other major economies during the recession of the late 2000s, meaning the French economy was the second largest on the continent for some time afterwards. The Spanish economy was continually the fifth-largest in Europe in this 38-year period, and from 2004 onwards has been worth more than one trillion Euros. 
 Between 2010 and the first half of 2018, the overall household price for electricity in Denmark increased by approximately 4.53 euro cents per kilowatt-hour to 31.23 euro cents. This was the highest price during this period. Electricity prices per kilowatt-hour were at their lowest in the first half of 2010 at 26.7 euro cents. Danish households spent the most per kilowatt-hour of electricity throughout Europe in 2018, with prices slightly more expensive than in Germany. Energy taxes highest in Copenhagen One of the reasons for the high price of electricity in Denmark is that taxes account for a large proportion of the overall price. As of January 2019, energy taxes made up a share of approximately 16 percent of the average EU residential end-user electricity price structure. In the Danish capital Copenhagen, however, energy taxes amounted to 41 percent. This was by far the highest energy taxation in major European cities. High quality electricity supply Whilst households in Denmark pay some of the highest electricity prices around, the electricity supply is ranked as one of the best in the world with an index score of 6.8 out of a possible 7. Only Scandinavian neighbor Norway, Singapore and Switzerland had a higher ranking than Denmark in 2018. 
 The median age in Vietnam was 30.5 years in 2015, meaning that half the population was younger than this at the time, and half older. This figure has increased since its low point in 1970, which was likely due to the Vietnam War. The median age is expected to increase to 41 years by 2050. Age structure The age structure in Vietnam changes slowly as people get older. This suggests that other demographic indicators are also slow to evolve, which in turn points to stability. This fact is convenient for policy makers, who can then rely on a consistent ratio of pensioners and students to workers. This is helpful in taxation and allocation of government spending. However, it also points to slow inprovement in indicators such as life expectancy. Economic implications Given Vietnam’s Communist government, it is not surprising that a large portion of its gross domestic product (GDP) comes from government expenditures. As such, the country needs a broad tax base. Since people’s earning potential rises with age until they retire, a relatively high median age is necessary to bear this tax burden. A low unemployment rate further bolsters this effect. This implies that the current demographic situation in Vietnam is sustainable. 
 This timeline shows adidas Group's net sales worldwide from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, adidas Group's net sales amounted to about 21.92 billion euros. adidas The adidas Group is the largest sporting goods manufacturer across Europe and the second largest worldwide – only behind long-term competitor Nike. The company manufactures sports clothing as well as other products such as bags, shirts, watches, eyewear, and other sports- and clothing-related goods. It is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany, but has further major locations all over the world. Adidas was founded in 1949 and employs around 57,000 employees worldwide. The company name has originated from its founder: ‘Adi’ from Adolf and ‘Das’ from Dassler’.The sportswear company sells products under their brand names adidas, Reebok and TaylorMade. The adidas official brand logo is characterized by the three stripes and the three leaves symbolizing the Olympic spirit which combines the three continental plates. The adidas brand was rated among the most valuable German brands in 2017 and enjoys a great brand loyalty among consumers of both genders. Reebok is known as a global sports brand and TaylorMade is mainly operating in the golf business.According to the latest annual report, the net sales of the adidas Group worldwide amounted to about 21.22 billion euros in 2017. The company sales are divided in the following product categories: footwear, apparel and hardware. Footwear captured the largest sales share in 2017.Besides selling sporting goods, the Adidas Group has repeatedly sponsored a range of sport clubs involved in a large variety of different sports. However, the marketing focus of their sponsorship still focuses on the team sport of soccer. 
 This statistic depicts the leading five selling countries of IKEA products in 2018. In that year, Germany was the leading selling country of IKEA products, with 15 percent of IKEA's sales coming from Germany.IKEAIKEA is an internationally known home furnishing retailer. It has grown rapidly since it was founded in 1943. Today it is the world's largest furniture retailer, recognized for its Scandinavian style. The majority of IKEA's furniture is flat-pack, ready to be assembled by the consumer. This allows a reduction in costs and packaging.One of the key competitive advantages IKEA has is its extensive knowledge about the customers. The company understands the purchasing factors that influence customers to buy and implements the best practices to induce that decision.Low prices are the cornerstone of the IKEA business idea and the company always tries to do things as efficiently and cost-effective as possible. To drive costs down all the time, the company must find new and innovative ways to do that and to incorporate them in its business model. The business’ innovations include new materials that contribute more to a sustainable environment and are less costly or using the newest ways of packaging, handling and transporting materials.According to Kantar Millward Brown's "Brandz Top 100 Most Valuable Global Brands 2019", not only is IKEA the most valuable furniture retailer brand in the world, it is also the seventh most valuable retailer in the world, valued at around 18.9 billion U.S. dollars. The business operates 422 stores and is present in the major world markets. There are more than 957 million customer visits to IKEA stores every year.Since it was founded IKEA has always had concern for people and the environment. The IKEA vision ‘to create a better everyday life for the many people’ puts this concern at the heart of the business. 
 In February 2020, one Ethereum cost 223.50 U.S. dollars, down from nearly 1,100 U.S. dollars in January 2018. After Bitcoin and Bitcoin Cash, it is the third most known cryptocurrency in the United States. Still, the majority of those surveyed were not aware of Ethereum. What is a cryptocurrency? Cryptocurrencies are digital currencies that are not regulated by any centralized authority, such as a government or bank. They are created through a process called “mining”, when miners sell processing power to the currency’s server in exchange for an amount of the currency. For security, every transaction is stored on a distributed ledger using a technology called “blockchain”. The cryptocurrency market Given the price volatility of Ethereum and other cryptocurrencies, investors seem more interested in them than consumers at the moment. As such, many are looking to the market capitalization of major cryptocurrencies. Ethereum has a relatively large share of the market at the moment, but newer coins are gaining in popularity. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, the share of e-commerce in total U.S. retail sales was 11.4 percent, up from 10.1 percent from the corresponding quarter in the previous year. As of that quarter, retail e-commerce sales in the United States amounted to over 158 billion U.S. dollars. Retail e-commerce in the United States In 2017, the reported total value of retail trade e-commerce sales in the United States amounted to 461 billion U.S. dollars – impressive, but a figure which paled in comparison to the total annual retail trade value of 5.04 trillion U.S. dollars. In 2016, e-commerce accounted for 8 percent of total retail sales in the United States, up from 7.2 percent during the previous year. Online shopping is utilized among all age groups. According to January 2019 data, digital purchases were most common among Millennial internet users with a penetration rate of 84.8 percent. Mobile commerce is also growing in popularity with consumers increasingly turning to their smartphone for mobile shopping activities and using mobile shopping apps. During a February 2019 survey, 57 percent of respondents stated that they had used a mobile retail app to look for more information about a product or a service. 
 Between January 2014 and December 2019, the lowest number of monthly raindays occurred in September 2014, when just 5 days recorded 1mm or more of rain. The highest number of raindays was recorded in January of the same year, at 23.4. Fourth quarter the wettest The wettest periods of the year tend to be the start and the end. In 2018, the fourth quarter was the wettest, with an average of 452 mm of rainfall. November and December of the same year recorded the highest levels of monthly rainfall after January, at 122.6 and 119.5 mm respectively. Regional weather Due to the United Kingdom’s geographical location and landscape, weather conditions can vary greatly. Scotland has on average been the wettest country since 2010. The majority of rainfall is concentrated in the Scottish Highlands, as precipitation often occurs in mountainous regions. As rainfall comes in from the Atlantic, it is the northern and western parts of the UK that are most susceptible to precipitation. This explains why England is the driest of all the regions, as rain deposits reduce as they move east. 
 The number of members of the National Association of Realtors (NAR) has steadily increased since 2012, reaching a membership of 1.4 million in 2019, an all-time high. This trend also reflects the recovery of the property market after the financial crisis of 2007-2009, as the volume of home sales began to climb from 2011. The NAR is a North American trade association for real estate workers formed in 1908 and currently based in Chicago, Illinois. Employment in the real estate sector The upward in NRA membership is mirrored in overall employment in the real estate sector in the United States. In 2016, 1.6 million people were employed in the sector, which indicates that the majority of workers are member of the NAR. Employment in the sector is set to increase in firms with less than 2,500 employees until 2026. Larger firms – those with 2,500 employees or more – are forecast to decrease the number of employees in the near future. Membership growth ties in with growth in home sales The growth in NAR membership also correlates with the growth of residential property sales. For instance, the number of new houses sold in the U.S. has been on the rise since 2011. American adults as a whole have been steady in their view that home ownership is an important part of the American Dream. However, the share of American Millennials – those born between 1981 and 1996 - who view homeownership as important has been fluctuating since 2010. This adds an element of uncertainty to the future of the housing market, because Millennials are in their mid-twenties and thirties, which is widely viewed as the best time to buy a home from a home equity perspective. 
 In Vietnam, the number of Facebook users was expected to reach 45.3 million in 2019, indicating an increase from 41.7 million in 2017. By 2019, Vietnam’s population was predicted to reach 95.5 million. Next to Youtube, Facebook was the leading social media platform in Vietnam in 2018. Overall, the country had a 64 percent active social media penetration rate. User demographics Vietnam was seventh among the countries with the highest number of Facebook users as of July 2019. Facebook users in Vietnam were mostly between 18 and 34 years old, of which about 52 percent were male. The users primarily engage with video and photo posts or use Facebook Messenger as their main social media messenger. In Vietnam, Facebook is also a popular platform for selling goods and services, similar to its neighboring countries. Facebook in Southeast Asia As of the second quarter of 2019, the social network was accessed by over 2.4 billion users worldwide on a monthly basis, of which almost 947 million were from the Asia Pacific region. As of the first quarter of 2019, Facebook has generated 2.6 billion U.S. dollars of advertising revenue in that region. 
 The U.S., followed by Switzerland, had the highest average cost per day to stay in a hospital as of 2015. At that time the hospital costs per day in the U.S. were on average 5,220 U.S. dollars. In comparison, the hospital costs per day in Spain stood at an average of 424 U.S. dollars. Even Switzerland, also a very expensive country, had significantly lower costs than the United States. Number of U.S. hospitalsThe number of U.S. hospitals has decreased in recent years with some increase in 2017. There are several types of hospitals in the U.S. with different ownerships. In general there are more hospitals with a non-profit ownership in the U.S. than there are hospitals with state/local government or for-profit ownership. U.S. hospital costs Health care expenditures in the U.S. are among the highest in the world. By the end of 2019, hospital care expenditures alone across the U.S. are expected to exceed 1.2 trillion U.S. dollars. Among the most expensive medical conditions treated in U.S. hospitals are septicemia, osteoarthritis and live births. There are different ways to pay for hospital costs in the United States. Among all payers of U.S. hospital costs, Medicare and private payers are paying the largest proportion of all costs. 
 Between 2001 to 2019, employment in the financial services sector in the United Kingdom (UK) has fallen. In 2019, the total number of people employed in this sector in the UK amounted to approximately 1.1 million. This was a decrease compared to pre-global recession figures, when on the British market there were 1.2 million people were employed in all subsectors of financial services. These figures have decreased as a result of the crisis and closer of bank branches across the country, to approximately 1.1 million in 2010, but since then they noted a rocky few years fluctuating between nearly 1.15 and 1.1 million employees. Financial service sector The trend for the total number of financial services sector employees in the United Kingdom can be seen in contrast to estimations for London, as one of the leading centers of international finance. Overall the number of finance and insurance sector employees in London is forecast to grow over the coming years. Financial service sector Financial services, which include banks, credit unions, credit-card companies, accountancy firms, insurance companies as well as financial service companies are an integral part of any economy. The banking sector assets as percentage of gross domestic product (GDP) was approximately 380 percent in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Canada from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 81.41 percent of the total population in Canada lived in cities. Canada's rural exodus Canada is one of the largest countries in the world regarding land area, second behind Russia. However, Canada´s inhabitants - like the majority of people around the world - prefer to live in cities where there are more possibilities to work and play. The country is part of North America, the most urbanized continent in the world. In 2014, almost 82 percent of Canada was urbanized, i.e. more than 80 percent of the Canadian population lived in cities. The manufacturing, finance, construction and trade that occurs within their boundaries help fuel the economy of urban areas. While mining and oil and gas extraction compose a large share of Canada's GDP and are often located in rural areas, they do not provide many jobs. Furthermore, agriculture, which was once of primary importance to the economy of rural areas, no longer plays the same role and makes up only a small share of both GDP and employment. In Canada, people primarily migrate to the larger cities such as Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver. As these cities and others attract young adults, this leaves less of them who stay and start families in rural areas. As a consequence, rural areas are experiencing a population decline as rural births do not compensate for urban migration. Shrinking rural areas and growing urban areas will place demands on both urban and rural infrastructure in Canada and around the world. 
 This statistic shows the real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in Italy from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, Italy's real GDP increased by about 0.86 percent compared to the previous year. Italy's national debt Italy’s economy is a developed industrial economy that ranks as one of the largest in the world. A large and efficient economy has helped Italy attain a spot as a member of the G7 and G8, as well as the European Union. After the Second World War, Italy experienced a significant economic boost due to support from the ‘’Free World’’, which is a term used to identify non-communist countries during the Cold War. But several decades of economic growth came to an end after the 2008 recession; from roughly 2007 to 2011, the Italian’s encountered multiple setbacks that shrunk the national economy and dramatically affected the country as a whole. Debt became a major problem and Italy saw annual national debt growth primarily due to the country’s inability to maintain its budget properly as well as an overall decrease in GDP. As a result, investors often questioned the country’s ability to pay off its debts without incurring further debt, particularly due to the country’s large debt-to-GDP ratio, which remains one of the highest in the world. 
 As of the fourth quarter of 2019, the chat app company Snap had generated 560.9 million U.S. dollars in revenue, up from 446.2 million U.S. dollars in the previous quarter. In 2019, Snap’s annual revenue amounted to close to 1.7 billion U.S. dollars, up from 1.18 billion in the preceding year. Snap is the parent company of social photo sharing app Snapchat. Snapchat product info Snap generates most of its revenues through advertising. The company’s key advertising products are Sponsored Lenses, 3D video overlays that utilize augmented reality (AR) and mobile video advertising service Snap Ads. Snap’s product and advertising are both reliant on devices with adequate mobile processing power and high mobile bandwidth, which means that the app is primarily a product for consumers in developed mobile markets. Snapchat usage As of the fourth quarter of 2019, the social photo sharing app had 218 million daily active users worldwide, with the biggest audience being the United States. In spring 2019, Snapchat was still the most popular social network among teens in the United States, ahead of Instagram and Twitter. The photo and video sharing app accounted for approximately one percent of total monthly app time in the United States. 
 Inflation in Myanmar dropped to a five-year low in 2017, settling at 4.62 percent. This is down from a fairly high spike in 2016, expected to converge to a steady state around 6 percent in the coming years. For a developing economy, this is an acceptable level, though Myanmar’s central bankers would probably prefer one or two percentage points less. What is inflation? Inflation is the rise in prices over time. This is often caused by economic growth, and economists consider low, stable growth to be a sign of a healthy economy. The unemployment rate can also cause inflation if it is too low because businesses have to offer higher wages to attract workers. The firms raise prices to pay these higher wages, driving up inflation. Myanmar may be different While the unemployment rate is very low, other indicators may reveal that the labor market still has some slack. Myanmar does not publish the workforce particiaption rate, but one can infer by the low rate of urbanization that many workers may engage in subsistance agriculture or simply not search for jobs, keeping them out of the unemployment statistic. Similarly, the low gross domestic product (GDP) per capita may cause workers to stay with a job that is not a good match simply because they do not think they can find another. The hope is that the higher inflation rate will have upward pressure on wages, bringing more wealth to the people of Myanmar. 
 This statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in Spain from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. Spain's real GDP growth in 2018 was about 2.58 percent compared to the previous year. Spain's recovering economy Spain maintains a relatively important role as a member of the European Union as well as the World Trade Organization. Spain’s economy has been recognized as one of the most paramount in the world, however has been bogged down by multiple crisis’s over the past several years. Economical disasters such as the global financial crisis of 2008 and the euro debt crisis left the Spanish economy with long-term obstacles that the Spanish government has yet to overcome. One of the nation’s main economic struggles resides in unemployment, which was not only considerably high to start the decade but continued to grow to precarious volumes, most notably since 2008. Despite similar economical conflicts in neighboring countries, Spain suffers from one of the highest unemployment rates in Europe, only surpassed by Greece. The Spanish economy prospers from a low import-high export method which was initially implemented after the global financial crisis in order to help the country become more profitable. The country’s exports reached pre-crisis levels and saw continuous growth over the years, to the point that Spain became one of the world’s top exporters. Despite the economic slump due to the crisis, Spain now seems to recover slowly and forecasts are rather optimistic, in 2014, Spain was even among the countries with the largest GDP worldwide. 
 According to the latest available data, New Mexico was the state with the highest teenage pregnancy rate in the U.S., followed by Arkansas and Mississippi. Although New Mexico has the highest teen pregnancy rate, California is the state with the highest number of teenage pregnancies. In 2013, there were almost 57,000 teenage pregnancies in California. Teenage pregnancy Teenage pregnancy rates in the United States have decreased in recent years. In 2013, there were around 43 teenage pregnancies per 1,000 women aged 15 to 19 years. This number was almost 118 per 1,000 women in the year 1990. It is believed that the causes of this decrease include more teens abstaining from sex and increased use of birth control among those teens who are sexually active. Contraception use The use of contraception among sexually active teens is vital in reducing the rates of teen pregnancy. However, in 2017, only 54 percent of sexually active teens reported they used a condom during their last sexual intercourse. Furthermore, only 35 percent of sexually active female high school students used a prescription contraceptive method during their last sexual intercourse. Access to contraception and taboos surrounding teen sexual activity remain barriers to contraceptive use among teens in many areas of the United States. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of the most popular drag queens from RuPaul's Drag Race on Instagram as of March 2019, sorted by the number of global followers. According to the source, California-native Adora Delano was the most popular queen with 1.7 million Instagram followers. Adora had also participated in the seventh season of American idol under her real name, Daniel Anthony Noriega. During her competition in season six of RuPaul's Drag Race (2014), she made it into the final three competitors before ultimately losing the crown to Bianca Del Rio. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey about the penetration rate of several individual leisure activities in France in 2015, phrased with the question: "except reading books, which of the following leisure activities do you do in your free time?". It was found that listening to music was the most practiced leisure activity with a penetration rate of 88 percent of respondents, followed very closely by 82 percent of respondents who stated that they go out with friends in their free time with. Even though music is a very popular activity, it seems that French people would probably not choose to listen to music if they had more free time. Lack of time is one of the main obstacles to leisure activity. Alongside with listening to music, going out with friends was also a popular activity. The survey was carried out via computer-assisted telephone interviews, also known as CATI, and collected data from 1,000 respondents. Since the possibilities of chosen leisure activities obviously don't conflict with each other as they may be attended on different occasions, respondents were able to choose multiple answers resulting in a valuable ranking of leisure activities. 
Siemens AG has managed to increase its annual revenue from 2018 by three percent, meaning that annual revenue surpassed 86.8 billion euros in the 2019 fiscal year. Restructure and redirection Revenue grew in 2019 at Siemens in spite of a struggling power and gas division, which will be spun off by the end of 2020. In fact, revenue from this division dropped from around 18 billion euros in 2018 to about 17.66 billion euros in 2019. It is no surprise then that - when Siemens announced earlier that the power and gas division was to be spun off - shares for the company went up 5.5 percent. As is too often the case, the announcement about the spin-off was accompanied with that of job cuts. Over 10,000 employees in digital, infrastructure and corporate fields will be laid off in order to save cash. On the upside, some new positions were expected created, and employee figures rose from 377,000 in 2018 to 383,000 in 2019. 
 PetSmart, formerly known as PetFood Warehouse, is an American retail chain which focuses on the sale of pet products as well as services, such as grooming and training. PetSmart was the leading pet retailer in the United States in 2019 in terms of market share. Their revenue reached approximately 6.49 billion U.S. dollars in the United States in the 2018/19 fiscal year ending on January 31. Revenue streams PetSmart brings revenue in from brick-and-mortar stores across the U.S. as well as in Canada and Puerto Rico. PetSmart also offers their customers the option to shop online and have products delivered directly to their doors. The majority of both cat and dog owners still purchase all of their pet food in-store rather than online. However, with the evolution of the e-commerce market in the U.S., it is likely that more consumers will turn to online channels for pet purchases in the future. The competitive landscape The pet store industry continues to grow despite increased competition from supermarkets and mass merchandisers which offer shoppers more convenience at lower prices. When it comes to competition within the pet retailer market, PETCO Animal Supplies Inc is PetSmart’s major rival. PETCO have 1,482 stores across North America, and their revenue has been steadily climbing in the past few years to contend with PetSmart. 
 Here you can see a forecast for the sale of Google Glasses from 2014 to 2018. The source predicts that Google's product will sell well and that by 2018 will sell more than 21 million units. 
 This statistic shows the Chicago Cubs all-time home run leaders as of October 14, 2019. Sammy Sosa has hit the most home runs in Chicago Cubs franchise history with 545 home runs. 
 In 2018, the median hourly earnings of wage and salary workers in the United States was 14.99 U.S. dollars. This is an increase from 1979, when median hourly earnings were at 4.44 U.S. dollars. Hourly Workers The United States national minimum wage is 7.25 U.S. dollars per hour, which has been the minimum wage since 2009. However, each state has the agency to set their state minimum wage. Furthermore, each city is able to create their minimum wage. Many argue that the minimum wage is too low and should be raised, because it is not considered a living wage. There has been a movement to raise the minimum wage to 15 U.S. dollars per hour, called “Fight for 15.” The District of Columbia had the highest minimum wage as of January 1, 2019. Salary Workers On the other hand, salary workers in the United States do not get paid on an hourly basis. The median weekly earnings of salary workers have significantly increased since 1979. Asian salary workers had the highest hourly earnings in the U.S. in 2018. Female salary workers ages 55 to 64 years old had the highest median hourly earnings in 2018, and for male salary workers, those aged 55 to 64 years old had the highest median hourly earnings. 
 This statistic shows the 12-month percentage of change in the consumer price index, respectively the monthly inflation rate for goods and services in the United States. The data represents U.S. city averages. In economics, the inflation rate is a measure of inflation, the rate of increase of a price index (in the below case: consumer price index). It is the percentage rate of change in price level over time. The rate of decrease in the purchasing power of money is approximately equal. In January 2020, prices increased by 2.5 percent compared to January 2019. A projection of the annual U.S. inflation rate can be accessed here and the actual annual inflation rate since 1990 can be accessed here. Inflation One of the most important economic indicators is the development of the Consumer Price Index in a country. The change in this price level of goods and services is defined as the rate of inflation. The annual inflation rate in the United States has decreased from 3.2 percent in 2011 to 1.8 percent in 2019. This means that the purchasing power of the U.S. dollar is relatively stable again. The purchasing power is the extent to which a person has available funds to make purchases. According to the data published by the International Monetary Fund, the U.S. Consumer Price Index (CPI) was about 251.1 in 2018 and is forecasted to grow up to 287.51 in 2024, compared to the base period from 1982 to 1984. The monthly percentage change in the Consumer Price Index (CPI) for urban consumers in the United States increased by 0.1 percent in January 2020 compared to the previous month. Compared to other countries the U.S. inflation rate is relatively low. In 2019, Brazil for example had an inflation rate of 3.79 percent, compared to the previous year, while the inflation rate in China stood at 2.31 percent. 
 The growth rate of Egypt’s gross domestic product (GDP) in 2018 was 5.31 percent after adjusting for inflation. At that time, the Egyptian economy was projected to increase growth to around 6 percent in 2021, where the forecast remains for the foreseeable future. What is GDP? Gross domestic product, or GDP, is the sum of all consumption, investment, and government spending in an economy, plus the net exports. This figure is the most commonly used measurement of an economy’s size. Also interesting is GDP per capita, which is GDP divided by the total population. This gives an idea of the level of development in a country. Reasons to follow GDP growth GDP growth can give an idea of a country’s future finances. This is important for countries with a negative budget balance. These countries need to secure loans to finance their deficits, and higher growth forecasts show a better ability to repay these loans. This results in lower interest rates on their sovereign debt. Egypt’s economy is quite stable for now, after years of political unrest that affected the economy. 
 his statistic displays a ranking of the most valuable Turkish brands in 2019, sorted by brand value. With a brand value of roughly 1.73 billion U.S. dollars, the country’s flag carrier Turkish Airlines is the leading Turkish brand as of 2019. Ranking just behind Turkish Airlines is Ziraat Bankası, with a value of 1.6 billion U.S. dollars. Turkish Airlines Turkey’s most valuable brand is recognized as a success outside its national borders as well. As of 2019, the Turkish Airlines fleet is among the biggest on a global scale. Ranking ahead of Lufthansa and British Airways, Turkish Airlines stands out among its European counterparts in terms of its fleet size. Turkish banking sector As seen in the present graph, Turkey’s banking sector boasts some of the country’s most valuable brands. Ziraat is one of the three state-owned banks in Turkey, whose origins go as far back as the Ottoman Empire in the 19th century. Besides state banks, Turkey’s banking sector has a sizeable number of private deposit banks, as well as national and foreign-owned investment banks. 
 The statistic above provides the ranking of countries by median self-reported household income. Between 2006 and 2012, the median household income in Norway was about 51,489 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in Russia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Russia was at about 2.88 percent compared to the previous year. Russia's economic uplift Based on economic power and economic standards, Russia is recognized as one of the biggest economic powers in the world. With a population of around 143 million people and a re-awakened population growth since 2010, Russia has tried to establish itself as one the world’s largest economies and wealthiest nations and succeeded, being the sixth largest economy in the world today. The gross domestic product (GDP) increase in Russia from 2009 to 2014 is also a good indicator of Russia’s economic growth and strength. After the 1998 Russian financial crisis, several reforms were introduced to the Russian economy which allowed it to recover. Not only did the Russian economy experience a great boost but the quality of life in Russia as well as the people’s satisfaction with the direction of the country has also improved. In comparison to the previous year - with the exception of 2009 -, the Russian real gross domestic product growth rate has increased over the past decade. The trade balance of goods has been experiencing a rapid increase since the beginning of the millennium, with the exceptions of 2007 and 2009 due to the global economic crisis. This allowed Russia to export more goods than it imported. This high trade balance of goods resulted in a low inflation rate in 2012, the lowest recorded inflation rate since 2004. 
 In a world where people are constantly on the move and seeking new forms of entertainment to make their journeys go faster, mobile gaming is bigger than ever. In September 2019, Google Play Games was the most popular mobile gaming related app in the United States with over 18.74 million monthly users. The highest individual game on the list was Pokémon GO, which averaged 10.66 million users in the same month. Google Play Games Google Play Games is an online gaming service developed for Android. It allows users to develop their profiles, share their achievements, and see how they are faring on global leaderboards. Users with Google phones can also use the Google Play Store to download new gaming apps – a total of almost 30 billion downloads were carried out in the store worldwide in 2018, over three times the amount of Apple’s App Store. The leading mobile gaming app on the Google Play Store worldwide is Candy Crush Saga. The legendary puzzle game generated revenue of over 67 million U.S. dollars in January 2019. Given that the game is free to play, how has the game’s developer, King, made it into such a commercial success? Sweet success of Candy Crush Saga First released by King in April 2012 for Facebook, Candy Crush swiftly became a global phenomenon that took over smartphones around the world. Despite now being over seven years old, it still ranks very highly among other gaming apps based on the revenue it generates. While the game itself is free to download and play, users are offered tempting in-game purchases in the form of power-ups to help them get past particularly tricky levels. It seems that many people have relied on this help as almost one billion U.S. dollars was spent by players on the original Candy Crush Saga worldwide in 2018. Over 500 million U.S. dollars was spent on the various spin-offs of the game, leaving it in no doubt that Candy Crush has been a sweet success for King. 
 This statistic shows the number of mass shootings in the United States between 1982 and February 26, 2020, by race and ethnicity of the shooter(s). Between 1982 and February 2020, 64 out of 118 mass shootings were initiated by White shooters. The Las Vegas strip massacre in 2017 had the highest number of victims between 1982 and 2019, with 58 people killed, and over 500 injured. Additional information on mass shooter profiles in the United States The high number of tragic mass shootings that have occurred in the United States has led to a large amount of attention on the profile of the people who commit such violent acts. A look at the worst mass shootings in the United States suggests no clear common connections other than a tendency to undertake mass shootings in educational institutions and other populated areas. However, a look at mass shootings in the United States by gender shows a great majority of mass shootings are carried out by men. With no clear patterns between the socio-economic or cultural background of mass shooters, increasing attention has been placed on mental health. Analysis of the factors Americans considered to be to blame for mass shootings showed 48 percent of people felt the inability of the mental health system to recognize those who pose a danger to others was a significant factor. Further attention has also been given to the factors influencing the behavior of mass shooters. Surveys on violence in the media and drug use as potential factors show that many Americans place blame on these influences. In the wake of multiple mass shootings, critics have sought to look beyond the issues of shooter identification and their influences by focusing on their access to guns. The study mentioned above showed 61 percent of Americans felt the easy access to firearms was to blame by either a “great deal” or a “fair amount”. 
 Monaco led the ranking for countries with the highest population density in 2019, with 26,150.3 residents per square kilometer. The world’s smallest country, the Holy See, came in 7th with 1,815.9 people per square kilometer. The world’s second smallest country Monaco is the world’s second smallest country, with an area of about two square kilometers, and its population only numbers in the thousands. It is a constitutional monarchy located on the Mediterranean Sea, and while Monaco is not part of the European Union, it does participate in some EU policies. The country is perhaps most famous for the Monte Carlo casino and for hosting the Monaco Grand Prix, the most prestigious Formula One race in the world. The global population Globally, the population density per square kilometer stands at about 58.7 inhabitants, and Asia is the most densely populated region in the world. The global population is increasing rapidly, so population density is only expected to increase as well. In 1950, for example, the global population stood at about 2.54 billion people, and is expected to be about 7.8 billion in 2020. 
 As of June 2018, there were approximately 309 thousand residents between the ages of 50 to 54 years old in Singapore, making it the largest age group among its resident population then. This reflects the increasingly ageing population of Singapore, a significant demographical shift that will have long-lasting socio-economic repercussions. Living longer… The improvements in health care and quality of life has led to Singapore having one of the highest life expectancies in the world. Coupled with a very low fertility rate, Singaporean society faces a crisis of ageing. The average age of its resident population is projected to increase to just under 53 years old by 2050. …and working longer The prospect of an ageing population is worrying for a country whose most important resource is its people. The current retirement age of 62 would no longer be tenable when close to half the population is expected to be aged 65 years or older by 2050. There is already a trend of elderly workers re-entering the workforce, be it to keep themselves occupied or to support themselves financially. The share of the population who would be working well into old age looks set to increase in the future, as a majority of Singaporeans have indicated that they were not financially prepared for retirement . Singapore is well-known for its emphasis on career and shunning welfare policies; however, there is an urgent need to rethink and overhaul its social security and medical care systems to weather the silver tsunami that is set to engulf the island state. 
 This statistic shows the number of people who have obtained a legal divorce and have not remarried in Canada from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 2.64 million divorced people were living in Canada. 
 By the end of 2018, about 828.5 million people had access to internet in China, resulting a fast-growing mobile app market in the country. Internet use in China – additional information Off the around 3.9 billion internet users worldwide as of 2018, China accounted for more than 20 percent. However, compared to its total population, China’s internet penetration rate is lower than in other Asian countries. As of the end of 2017, internet penetration in China ranged at 55.8 percent. Penetration rates in both South Korea and Japan were extensively higher. Internet usage in China is further characterized by a large regional discrepancy. Whereas almost 78 percent of Beijing inhabitants used the internet by the end of 2016, only some 40 percent of the population of Yunnan, a province located in the southwest of China, had access to internet. As in other parts of the world, widespread use of smartphones, tablet computers and other electronic devices has had a massive impact on internet access for the Chinese populace. The number of mobile internet users in China ballooned from some 45 million in 2007 to 817 million in 2018, and it continues to grow. Since June 2014, more Chinese people access the internet via mobile device than via computers. 
 The 163 murders recorded by the London Metropolitan Police in 2017/18 occurred following a 50 percent increase from the previous year, when there were 101 murders reported. Although 2018/19 showed a decline in homicides it was still higher than in any year between 2011/12 and 2016/17, when the number of murders never exceeded 103 and was as low as 93 in 2014/15. In the last five years, the worst quarter for murders was the second quarter of 2017, when there were 51 murders, followed by the first quarter of 2018 when there were 46. A national problem With a homicide rate of 18.4 per million people the London has second worst homicide rate in England and Wales, while the North West of England is only slightly higher at 18.7. When looking at the numbers of homicides across the entire country, a similar pattern to London emerges. Between 2011/12 the number of homicides remained at a relatively low level before increasing sharply in 2016/17, reaching a ten-year high of 736 in 2017/18. Knives the weapon of choice In 2017/18, 263 of the 736 homicides in England and Wales involved a knife or other sharp instrument (978830). While guns are generally difficult to obtain in the United Kingdom, knives are far more prevalent and have become a major problem for the police, particularly in London. The number of knife crime offences in London rose from 9.7 thousand in 2015/16 to over 14.7 thousand by 2017/18. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in Spain from the first quarter of 2005 to the fourth quarter of 2019. As of the third quarter of 2005, the unemployment rate in Spain was at roughly 8.4 percent, in the same quarter of 2012 it increased resulting in a rate of around 24.8. As of the second quarter of 2017 the unemployment rate was 9.72 percent lower than its peak, the peak occurred in the first quarter of 2013 before fluctuating somewhat in a downward trend. Interestingly, the first quarter of each year after 2013 experienced a slight rise in unemployment, although, this trend is not reflected in the quarterly unemployment figures in Spain. The age group with the highest distribution of unemployment occurred among teenagers (16 to 19 years). Recent quarterly unemployment figures in Spain show that unemployment peaked in the first quarter of 2013, whereby there were approximately 6.28 million inhabitants unemployed, by the same quarter in 2017 unemployment had decreased by over 2 million. This trend is also reflected in the number of people in employment in Spain. 
 “All of them!” most of us would probably say when asked what our favorite holiday is, but when given a choice, Americans favor Christmas over Thanksgiving and Halloween. Christmas is a civil holiday in the United States, and most Americans celebrate it regardless of their religious affiliation. Shopping holiday Christmas is an immense economic stimulus as well, and Americans are quite generous when it comes to spending money on Christmas gifts for their loved ones. Sales growth typically increases significantly during this season, and it took a painful hit during the 2008 recession – lucky for the economy, it has since recovered. And a partridge in a Christmas tree The most prominent accessory of Christmas festivities, the Christmas tree, is still a staple for Americans, with fake trees having risen in popularity over the years. Just like the allocated budget for presents, the amount Americans spend on trees, either real or fake, has increased significantly over the years. This is probably only partly due to generosity, and is more down to increasing prices, as shown in the Christmas Price Index, which shows the current cost for one set of each of the items mentioned in the Christmas song, “The Twelve Days of Christmas”. While it does not include Christmas trees, it’s a good indicator of consumer prices and inflation. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, revenues of AWS grew 34 percent compared to the preceding quarter. AWS is one of Amazon's strongest revenue segments, generating 25.66 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 net sales, up from 17.46 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. AWS ranks as one of the most popular public cloud infrastructure and platform services running applications worldwide in 2018, ahead off Azure and Google cloud services. 
 England captain, Harry Kane, won the Golden Boot at the 2018 World Cup in Russia, having scored a total of six goals. Three of the Tottenham Hotspur striker’s goals came in England's 6-1 defeat of Panama in the group stages. His final goal of the tournament came in England’s round of 16 game against Columbia where he opened the scoring from the penalty spot. England went on to win that game on penalties but were eventually knocked out by Croatia in the semi-finals. World Cup hotshotsHarry Kane was the first England player to win the Golden Boot at the World Cup since Gary Lineker at the 1986 World Cup in Mexico. In that tournament, England were knocked out in the quarter-finals by eventual champions, Argentina, captained by Diego Maradona. Somewhat surprisingly, the Argentinian legend does not feature in the top 20 leading goalscorers at the World Cup. Alone at the top of this list is Germany’s Miroslav Klose, who scored his sixteenth and record-breaking goal in Germany's semi-final matchup with Brazil at the 2014 World Cup. France take home the trophyThere were five players all joint second on the top goalscorer list in 2018. Unsurprisingly, two of those players, Antoine Griezmann and Kylian Mbappé, were part of the title-winning French squad. Indeed, both players got on the scoresheet in the final as France beat Croatia 4-2 to take home the trophy. With so much fire power in the French team, it is no wonder that the squad had a combined transfer value of almost 1.1 billion euros. Both Mbappé and Griezmann also made the top 10 list of most valuable players at the 2018 World Cup. Top of this list was Argentina’s Lionel Messi, with a market value of approximately 180 million euros. 
 In 2018, there were 4,708 FDIC-insured commercial banks in the United States. The FDIC, of Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation, is an agency that insures the banking system in the U.S. The number of such registered banks has been declining since 2002, when it there were over 7,800 FDIC-insured banks in the country. Why do banks need insurance? The number of banks is shrinking, but the value of deposits in these banks is growing, amounting to trillions of U.S. dollars. The primary function of the FDIC is to insure these deposits up to 250,000 U.S. dollars. In good times, this is no issue. However, during the Financial Crisis, hundreds of FDIC-insured banks declared insolvency. Account holders were then eligible for compensation for the portion of their accounts that the FDIC insured. Financial figures of the FDIC-insured banks Except in times of deep recession, U.S. banks have a positive net operating income. It amounted to over 240 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. The value of funds borrowed by the U.S. FDIC-insured banks reached 1.27 trillion U.S. dollars in that year. 
 The median age in India was 26.8 years old in 2015, meaning half the population was older than that, half younger. This figure was lowest in 1970, at 19.3 years, and was projected to increase to 38.1 years old by 2050. Aging in India India has the second largest population in the world, after China. Because of the significant population growth of the past years, the age distribution remains skewed in favor of the younger age bracket. This tells a story of rapid population growth, but also of a lower life expectancy. Economic effects of a young population Many young people means that the Indian economy must support a large number of students, who demand education from the economy but cannot yet work. Educating the future workforce will be important, because the economy is growing as well and is one of the largest in the world. Failing to do this could lead to high youth unemployment and political consequences. However, a productive and young workforce could provide huge economic returns for India. 
 The statistic depicts the average TV viewership of Stanley Cup games in the United States from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average TV viewership was at 5.33 million per game in the United States. 
Thailand’s gross domestic product (GDP) grew at a rate of 4 percent in 2017. It is expected to grow slightly faster in the coming year before converging to a long-run growth rate around 3.6 percent. This steady growth can be attributed to Thailand’s relatively developed economy. The Thai economy Thailand relies less on agriculture and more on employment in the service sector, which is a sign of a more advanced economy. This development is also apparent in its GDP per capita, which is one of the highest in Southeast Asia. One aspect of a developed economy is that it is more diverse, and thus less exposed to economic shocks. This statistic reflects that robustness in its optimistic view of Thai GDP growth. Domestic factors Thailand has posted an incredibly low unemployment rate for several years, which suggests that the workforce matches the demand for labor remarkably well. Equally important, the inflation rate tends to be low and stable, though sometimes too low. If Thailand wants to realize the positive projections in this statistic, the inflation rate of the baht should be between 2 and 3 percent, according to most economists. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in paintball in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in paintball amounted to approximately 3.41 million. Participation in paintball - additional information The number of participants in paintball in the United States increased significantly from 4.55 million in 2006 up to 5.48 million in 2007. This figure fell slightly in 2008 and stood at 4.55 million again in 2009. In the nine years from 2008 to 2017, the number of paintball participants aged six years and older, decreased from 4.55 million to less than four million. Paintball is a non-traditional extreme sport in which two teams use air guns with colored gelatin capsules filled with paint to shoot at each other. Games can be played indoor or outdoor on natural or artificial terrain. The legality of paintball games varies across countries and regions. Since 2007, wholesale sales of paintball equipment have steadily fallen from 300 million U.S. dollars in 2007 to less than 140 million in 2014, according to Sports Marketing Surveys USA. In 2017, however, this increased to 157 million U.S. dollars. In comparison, the wholesale sales of the wider U.S. sports industry, including sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, sports apparel, athletic footwear, and sports licensed merchandise, have increased slightly year-over-year. In 2008, wholesale sales amounted to around 75 billion U.S. dollars and had grown to 90.22 billion dollars by 2017. Additionally, paintball ranked 15th in a sports equipment price comparison from the National Sporting Goods Association in 2014. The average price for paintball guns/packages stood at 135.73 U.S. dollars, while air/CO2 pistols and rifles cost approximately 73.85 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts Mexico's real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, Mexico's real GDP grew by about 2 percent compared to the previous year. Mexico's economy Mexico, having not been dramatically affected by the 2002 South American crisis, has one of the strongest economies in the Americas behind the United States and Canada. By improving its macroeconomic rules and regulations, Mexico improved on many aspects of its economy, most notably inflation. Several goals that the government wanted accomplish were the improvement of infrastructure around the country as well as newer tax laws that would allow for higher income equality. Mexico is generally an export-oriented country, with the majority of export goods consisting of electronics, automobiles and agricultural goods. Exports over the past decade have seen continuous growth, with the exception of 2009. This increase in exports is largely due to an increasing number of free trade agreements with international countries, which essentially eliminate tariffs between member countries. However, Mexico imports more than they export, having recorded an annual trade deficit over the past decade. While most economics label this as a negative aspect, other economics believe that trade deficits are associated with positive economic developments. 
 The smartphone penetration rate as share of population in Pakistan was forecasted at 51 percent for 2020, five times higher than in 2014. This prediction was based on the assumption that the continuing declining of mobile device prices will support the increase of smartphones. Telecommunications market As of 2017, the cellular subscription growth rate in Pakistan was 3.8 percent, ranking it in the middle field of Asia Pacific countries for this development. There are over 73 mobile subscriptions for 100 inhabitants in the country. The Pakistani smartphone market is dominated by Samsung with over 40 percent of the market share. Mobile services provider After the merging with PMCL (Jazz) Mobilink was the leading mobile and wireless services provider in Pakistan in 2017. Majority of mobile subscribers in Pakistan opted for 3G mobile technology. Less than a million subscribers opted for LTE mobile internet during this time period. 
 This statistic shows leading car rental companies in the United States ranked by average index ranking in 2018. YouGov's brand Index 2018 index results show that Enterprise ranked highest with a score of 20.9, followed by Hertz at 14.4. 
 This statistic gives information on the most popular politicians on Facebook, ranked by number of fans on the social network. As of February 2020, former U.S. president Barack Obama was ranked first with over 55 million Facebook fans. 
 This statistic gives information on the distribution of Instagram users worldwide as of January 2020, sorted by gender. During the survey period, 50.9 percent of Instagram audiences were female and 49.1 percent were male. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Indian rupee (EUR INR), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the early days of the euro in 2001 up until 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on many observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: this denotes concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2001 and 2014, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Indian rupee noted an overall increase. In 2014, the euro to Indian rupee annual average exchange rate was equal to 81.04, which meant that one euro could buy 81.04 Indian rupees. By 2019, this value had fluctuated, to a value of 78.84, which meant that one euro could buy 78.84 Indian rupees. 
 This statistic shows the world rice acreage in crop years 2010 to 2017. In crop year 2017, there were around 167.25 million hectares of rice-cultivated area worldwide. In 2016/2017, India was estimated to be the leading global producer of rice and to harvest about 44.5 million hectares of rice. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Dallas Cowboys, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In the 2018 season, the revenue of the Dallas Cowboys was 950 million U.S. dollars. Dallas Cowboys The Dallas Cowboys are a professional football franchise of the National Football League (NFL). The franchise joined the league in 1960 as an expansion team and has become one of the most successful teams in the league both financially and in terms of on-field success. The team is owned by Jerry Jones, who bought the franchise for approximately 150 million U.S. dollars in 1989. In 2018, the revenue of the Dallas Cowboys franchise was at 950 million U.S. dollars, making it the highest-grossing franchise in the NFL. According to Forbes, the franchise now has an estimated total value of 5.5 billion U.S. dollars. The team’s home games are played at Cowboys Stadium, which opened in 2009 and has a seating capacity of 80,000. Its construction reportedly cost around 1.2 billion U.S. dollars. The Dallas Cowboys have appeared in the playoffs 30 times in franchise history, reaching the league’s championship game — the Super Bowl — ten times. Five out of ten times, the team won the Super Bowl, most recently in 1995. Notable players include quarterback Troy Aikman, running back Emmitt Smith and wide receiver Michael Irvin. All three are members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame and were members of the Dallas Cowboys teams that won three Super Bowls in the 1990s. 
 Christiano Ronaldo has been playing for the Portuguese national football team since 2003 and scored 88 goals for the team. As the top scorer of the national team and the star of the top tier clubs Manchester United, Real Madrid and Juventus, Ronaldo is without any doubt among the most renowned football players in the world. Portugal’s national football team out in quarter finals during last World Cup During the Fifa World Cup in 2018, Portugal’s national team failed before the quarter finals, losing a match against Uruguay. In 2016, Portugal won the UEFA European Championship, after defeating France with 1-0. Most attended match against Morocco at Luzhniki Stadium The top attended match of the Portuguese national football team in 2018 was against Morocco on Luzhniki Stadium, Moscow in the group stage of the World Cup. The game was attended by little over 78 thousand spectators. 
 The statistic shows the annual consumption of fluid cow milk in 2019, by country. The annual consumption of milk in India amounted to about 77.68 million metric tons in 2019. 
 APM-Maersk had 17 ships in its order book as of March 2, 2020. Overall, the Copenhagen-headquartered shipper accounted for 17.6 percent of the world’s merchant container fleet. Fleet capacity APM-Maersk had ships with a capacity of around 4.2 million twenty-foot-equivalent units, which could be broken down to some 2.36 million twenty-foot-equivalent units of owned capacity and about 1.8 million twenty-foot equivalent units of chartered capacity. Furthermore, the container line had ships with an additional 39,864 twenty-foot-equivalent units of capacity in its order book at the end of the month. As of January 2020, Maersk owned 314 ships, some 31 of which had a capacity in excess of 18,000 twenty-foot equivalent units. One of Maersk’s most impressive container ship is the Madrid Mærsk. The Triple-E vessel was built by South Korea’s Daewoo Shipbuilding & Marine Engineering Company, one of the largest shipbuilding companies worldwide. The megahauler is just under 400 meters long and 59 meters wide, trailing only the OOCL Hong Kong in TEU capacity. Triple-E stands for "economies of scale", "energy efficient" and "environmentally improved". The ships in the Triple-E class are regarded as the most efficient container ships per twenty-foot equivalent of cargo. However, the building of such mega ships comes at a risk as the container shipping-industry continues to suffer from overcapacity and weak global demand in times of rising trade tensions. About Maersk In terms of twenty-foot-equivalent units, Denmark’s Maersk Lines is the world’s largest container-shipping company. Twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs) are the shipping industry’s standard unit of measure, denoting the capacity of a standard freight container. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Polish zloty (EUR PLN), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the introduction of the euro in 1999 to 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on many observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: this denotes concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2001 and 2004, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Polish zloty noted a steep increase. In 2004, the euro to Polish zloty annual average exchange rate was equal to 4.53, which meant that one euro could buy 4.53 Polish zloty. It dipped at the height of global recession, in 2008. Between 2010 and 2016 the value increased overall, to 4.36 which meant that one euro could buy 4.36 Polish zloty before falling once again in 2019 to 4.3 Polish zloty. This overall increase in an average annual euro to Polish zloty exchange rate is also reflected in the monthly exchange rate in recent years, although in this case the values are measured at one point in time (end of month). 
 The global wearable devices market value was projected to reach 5.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. As a relative newcomer to the competitive consumer electronics landscape, wearable devices have carved out a large space for itself, with worldwide shipments forecast to amount to 279 million units by 2023. Wearable devices As the name suggests, wearables are gadgets that can be worn. Such devices usually have smart sensors and are connected to the internet for data exchange. With a forecast shipment figure of more than a hundred million units in 2022, the smartwatch is the largest category within the wearable market. Apple is the leader in the smartwatch market, with its Apple Watch selling millions of units each quarter. Other major wearable devices are ear-worn devices (hearables), which include wireless earbuds such as the Samsung IconX, and health and fitness trackers, such as the Fitbit wristbands. Internet of Things (IoT) The IoT describes the network of devices that are connected via the internet. Such devices are able to share data among each other, providing benefits such as better quality of life and greater insight into business. Together with the gradual penetration of smart home devices, autonomous vehicles, etc., wearable devices help to deliver IoT’s promise of an ever-connected society. 
 This statistic presents the median age of employees working at selected tech and online companies as of April 2016. As of the measured period, the median age of a Facebook employee was 28 years. Yahoo's employees were the youngest with a median age of 27 years. 
 Air travel fatalities have been recorded in each of the last 12 years, with a total of 287 deaths in 2019 due to air crashes. However, despite some pronounced year-to-year differences, the overall trend has been for a reduction in the number of fatalities – a trend confirmed when looking at a slightly longer or much longer time frame. Fatal airline accidents According to the Convention on International Civil Aviation, air traffic fatalities refer to an incident where a person is fatally injured due to an occurrence associated with the operation of the aircraft. This definition covers any time from when the first person starts boarding to when the final person disembarks the plane. Corporate jet and military transport accidents are generally excluded. Overall safety of air travel The overall trend downward in air travel fatalities is notable given that the volume of passenger air traffic has increased by more than 66 percent since 2004. Indeed, when considered in terms of the number of accidents per distance travelled, air travel is statistically the safest form of transport. For example, in both the United States and the United Kingdom, air travel is many thousands of times safer than the most dangerous form of travel – motorcycle riding. 
 In 2019, there were approximately 37.79 million U.S. citizens who travelled overseas. This shows a decrease from previous year's total of 41.77 million overseas travelers. U.S. travelers - additional information Excluding visitors to Canada and Mexico, the number of United States residents traveling overseas peaked in 2018 at 41.77 million. However, the number of overseas visitors decreased to 37.79 million in 2019. The total number of outbound tourists from the U.S. in 2019 was 83.42 million, illustrating the large proportion of travel to Mexico and Canada – indeed, 32.39 million U.S. residents traveled to Mexico and 13.25 million traveled to Canada. However, the number of U.S. visitors to Canada has seen a decrease, and subsequent increase, over the years. In 2018, the U.S. received approximately 80 million international visitors. This figure was forecasted to increase to 94.1 million by 2021. As with outbound travel, well over half of inbound visitors to the U.S. came from neighboring countries Canada and Mexico, with approximately 21 million and 18 million travelers, respectively. The most popular city destination for overseas visitors to the U.S. was New York City in 2016. International and domestic travel expenditures in the U.S. reached roughly 1089.03 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. That same year, international travel spending in the U.S. reached 157 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total number of single parent families in Canada from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, about 1.64 million single parent families were living in Canada, compared to 1.56 million in 2010. 
 Mercedes-Benz sold 30,398 cars in the United Kingdom (UK) in September 2019, translating to a market share of 8.9 percent. In the past four years, sales volume remained stable, with the most profitable months coming in March and September of each year. Sales in March and September are often considerably higher, as these are the months in which the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) issues new registration plates. Mercedes-Benz is fourth largest car brand in the UKMercedes-Benz is consistently one of the most popular car brands in the UK. As of June 2019, the carmaker ranked fifth in terms of market share behind Ford, fellow German automobile manufacturer Volkswagen, BMW and Vauxhall. C Class most successful model The most successful Mercedes-Benz model in the UK was the C Class series, with licensed figures having grown to over 436,000 by the end of 2018. The C Class is currently in its fourth generation, with the model having first been introduced in 1993. 
 Gross domestic product (GDP) of emerging and developing countries in Asia is expected to reach over 30.2 trillion U.S. dollars by 2024. This would be double the GDP from a decade earlier, which was about 15.1 trillion U.S. dollars. Emerging and developing economies are the second-largest source of global GDP. The region’s GDP generally comes from manufacturing and trade, as well as growing financial industries and international commerce. A region with growing economic power Of the countries the IMF categorizes as emerging and developing in Asia (See “More information” for full list), several are a part of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), an organization that provides the collaborating nations with a greater opportunity for growth and participation in the global economy than they would otherwise have. Indonesia, a founding member, has the largest economy in South East Asia, and is predicted to be one of the 15 countries worldwide with the highest GDP by 2030. 
 In 2020, it was found that people in the United States with a Master’s degree in Computer Science had the highest average starting salary, at 79,793 U.S. dollars. People who held a Master’s degree in Math and Sciences had the second highest starting salary, at 79,717 U.S. dollars. An abundance of Masters As higher education in the United States has become more common, and even expected, the number of Master’s degrees awarded has increased. During the 1949-50 academic year, about 58,180 Master’s degrees were awarded to students, with the vast majority being earned by male students. In the 2016-17 academic year, this figure increased to about 804,680 Master’s degrees awarded, with the majority being earned by female students. The right career While Computer Science might have the highest starting pay for Master’s degree holders, those with a Master’s in Finance had the highest mid-career median pay in 2019. Engineering continues to be one of the most popular fields for those seeking their Master’s degree, and STEM fields continue to dominate the field in number of Master’s degrees awarded. 
 Ukraine had the highest production volume of sunflower seeds of any country in the world in the 2018/2019 crop year. During that time period, Ukraine produced around 15 million metric tons of sunflower seeds. Russia is also a major producer of sunflower seeds worldwide. Sunflower seed oil One of the main commodities that can be produced from sunflower seeds is sunflower seed oil, which is a popular cooking oil. In addition to being the world’s leading producer of sunflower seeds, Ukraine also exports the highest volume of sunflower seed oil of any country. In the United States, domestic consumption of sunflower seed oil was increasing between 2015 and 2017 but dropped in consumption volume in 2018. Leading types of edible oils in the United States Vegetable oils are a staple in American households and restaurants, used in pan-frying, deep-frying, salad dressings, and more. The edible oil with the highest level of consumption in the United States was soybean oil. Other popular types of vegetable oil among American consumers are canola oil and palm oil. Of all the major edible oil types in the United States, sunflower seed oil is the second to least popular, with a consumption volume higher than only that of peanut oil. 
 The statistic shows the total population of India from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, the estimated total population in India amounted to approximately 1.33 billion people. Total population in India India currently has the second-largest population in the world and is projected to overtake top-ranking China within forty years. Its residents comprise more than one-seventh of the entire world’s population, and despite a slowly decreasing fertility rate (which still exceeds the replacement rate and keeps the median age of the population relatively low), an increasing life expectancy adds to an expanding population. In comparison with other countries whose populations are decreasing, such as Japan, India has a relatively small share of aged population, which indicates the probability of lower death rates and higher retention of the existing population. With a land mass of less than half that of the United States and a population almost four times greater, India has recognized potential problems of its growing population. Government attempts to implement family planning programs have achieved varying degrees of success. Initiatives such as sterilization programs in the 1970s have been blamed for creating general antipathy to family planning, but the combined efforts of various family planning and contraception programs have helped halve fertility rates since the 1960s. The population growth rate has correspondingly shrunk as well, but has not yet reached less than one percent growth per year. As home to thousands of ethnic groups, hundreds of languages, and numerous religions, a cohesive and broadly-supported effort to reduce population growth is difficult to create. Despite that, India is one country to watch in coming years. It is also a growing economic power; among other measures, its GDP per capita was expected to triple between 2003 and 2013 and was listed as the third-ranked country for its share of the global gross domestic product. 
 The average price of gel fills in the United States increased moderately in the 2010’s, rising from 29.19 U.S. dollars in 2009 to 34.03 U.S. dollars in 2015. Gel fills A gel fill is a treatment for nails which already have a gel polish applied, and is designed to fill in the small gap that occurs between the cuticle and the base of the gel polish after several weeks of growth. Gel polishes can either be ‘soft’, where the treatment does not extend beyond the edge of the natural nail, or ‘hard’, where a harder form of gel can be used to create nail extensions. A full treatment including nail extensions is significantly more expensive than a soft gel polish. Gel versus acrylic The main alternative to gel-based nail treatments is acrylic treatments. Gel treatments are a relatively new invention compared to acrylic nail treatments, emerging in the 1980’s. Many people prefer gel nail treatments, claiming they have a more natural feeling while providing a longer-lasting, glossier finish with no chipping, peeling or cracking. However, gel nail are more complicated to apply than acrylic treatments, making acrylic fills and full sets cheaper than their gel alternatives. In addition, gels are more difficult to remove, meaning that removal often creates an additional cost – although it is possible to remove gel treatments at home. 
 The statistic depicts the global smartphone shipments of OPPO from the first quarter of 2015 to the fourth quarter of 2019. In the fourth quarter of 2019, OPPO's smartphone shipments amounted to 30.6 million units. 
 In 2018, the number of Facebook users in Canada amounted to 23.6 million and is projected to grow to 24.7 million in 2023. The current Facebook usage penetration in Canada is about 64 percent of the population. Social media in Canada Social networking is a popular online activity in Canada. Most recently, 68.5 percent of the population accessed social networks via any device on a monthly basis. Unsurprisingly, Facebook was ranked first in terms of popularity among Canadian internet users, with 25 to 34-year-olds constituting the biggest user group. Mobile social media in Canada Mobile social media access is also increasingly popular, with mobile websites and social apps generating a significant amount of Canadian social traffic. In March 2019, Facebook generated more than half of mobile social website visits in Canada. The most downloaded social apps in Canada include WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger, Facebook and Pinterest, again highlighting Facebook’s dominance in the Canadian social media market. 
 In 2019, around 18.27 billion gallons of fuel were consumed by U.S. airlines, compared to a high of 18.43 billion gallons in 2007. While the consumption of airline fuel in the United States has increased in recent years, it is yet to surpass the levels seen prior to the 2008 recession. Commercial airlines The above figures include all commercial air carriers based in the U.S. who carry cargo and/or passengers on domestic or international flights, and with annual revenue of over 20 million U.S. dollars. Excluded is airline fuel used for military or private flights. Given that the U.S. has the largest business and military aircraft fleets in the world, if included the figures would be appreciably higher. Overall growth in commercial aviation Given the commercial aviation market in the U.S. has experienced strong growth since 2009, with revenue figures and passenger traffic well above pre-recession levels, the fact that fuel consumption is currently lower than in 2007 may appear curious. The likely explanation is that the cost of airline fuel reached record levels around 2012, forcing airlines to find ways to decrease fuel consumption wherever possible. 
 Gross domestic product is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, GDP in Turkey amounted to around 771.27 billion U.S. dollars. Gross domestic product as a reliable indicator Gross domestic product, or GDP for short, not only shows the aforementioned value; by doing so it gives an idea of the state of a country’s economy and standard of living. The higher and more stable a country’s GDP, the better its economic situation. Since GDP is measured consistently worldwide, comparisons between countries are possible and quite reliable. Turkey’s economy on the decline? Turkey’s gross domestic product has been on a decline for the past years and is estimated to hit rock bottom in 2019, with a projected steep upturn afterwards. At the same time, inflation is set to peak at almost 17.5 percent the same year, and unemployment is on the rise. All in all, the figures do not look promising for Turkey, but at least estimations assume a quick recovery. However, this economic development is likely due to the political path the country has chosen in recent years, and it remains to be seen if the forecasts will prove true in the future or if Turkey’s economy needs to brace itself for a further downturn instead. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Turkey from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a change in it is a sign of economic growth. In 2019, the GDP per capita in Turkey was estimated to be around 8,957.89 U.S. dollars. Turkey and the economic crisis Due to slight economic growth, Turkey is beginning to be recognized as an emerging market and one of the newer industrialized countries in the world. After the global financial recession, many economical aspects of the country crashed. However, Turkey implemented stimulus packages, including temporary tax cuts, and as a result, Turkey’s economy recovered from the crisis faster than many other nations. Not only is Turkey’s economic recovery is evident in an annual rise in GDP, but also in a significant plunge in unemployment since the crash as well as in a decrease of the inflation rate (277044), which reached decade-low levels. Turkey specializes in the production of clothing, automotive, iron and steel, chemicals and agricultural products. Due to a high agricultural output rate, Turkey has been efficient in food production and is viewed as one of the most plentiful producers of fresh fruit worldwide. Agricultural production has also seen growth over the years in the country; however Turkey has slowly become less dependent on it as a main source of income. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Canada from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, 5.7 percent of the labor force in Canada was unemployed. 
 In 2019, 187 countries were represented through an official presence on Twitter, either by personal or institutional accounts run by heads of state and government and foreign ministers. During the measured period, U.S. President Donald Trump was ranked first, having accumulated over 61 million Twitter followers on his personal account. The official @POTUS account was ranked fifth with 26 million followers worldwide. Heads of state on Twitter Twitter is a very conversational social platform, allowing users to communicate in a very public manner. Foreign ministries utilize Twitter to expand their online presence and digital diplomatic networks, and government officials are encouraged to interact with the public. The most conversational world leader on Twitter is the Dutch Government, with 97 percent of their tweets being @ replies to other Twitter users. Another more subtle layer of Twitter diplomacy is the mutual following of peers between official heads of state, minister and other government accounts – as of January 2019, the EU External Action Service (@eu_eeas) was ranked first, having 148 mutual connections with other world leaders and foreign ministries on Twitter. During the measured period, @realDonaldTrump, @POTUS and the @WhiteHouse Twitter accounts did not follow any other foreign leaders. In 2018, the account of the U.S. State Department had only 54 mutual peer connections on Twitter, painting a relatively isolated picture in terms of international political communications. Trump on Twitter Donald Trump’s prolific Twitter usage is a hotly debated topic. The President uses Twitter on a daily basis to make comments about other politicians, celebrities and daily news, sometimes antagonizing others with his controversial statements. According to an August 2018 survey, 61 percent of U.S. adults stated that Trump's use of Twitter as President of the United States was inappropriate, while only 24 percent of respondents said the opposite. In total, 90 percent of respondents who identified as Democrats thought that Trump's Twitter use was inappropriate; while on the other end of the political spectrum only 35 percent of respondents identifying as Republicans reported having the same opinion. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in the U.S. from 1990 to 2019. In 1990, this rate stood at 5.6 percent. Unemployment rate stood at 3.7 percent in 2019. For monthly updates on unemployment in the United States visit either the monthly national unemployment rate here, or the monthly state unemployment rate here. Both are seasonally adjusted. Unemployment Unemployment is defined as a situation when an employed person is laid off, fired or quits his work and is still looking for a job. Even in a healthy economy unemployment occurs. If former employed persons go back to school or leave the job to take care of children they are no longer part of the active labor force and therefore not among the unemployed. Unemployment can also be the effect of events that are not part of the normal dynamics of an economy. Layoffs can be the result of technological progress, for example when robots replace workers in automobile production. Sometimes unemployment is caused by job outsourcing, due to the fact that employers often search for cheap labor around the globe and not only domestically. A rise in unemployment was also an effect of the financial crisis that hit the United States in 2008. The unemployment rate in the United States varies from state to state. The state with the highest number of unemployed persons in the United States in 2018 was California. Around 815,000 unemployed persons were counted in California. 
 The number of new car registrations in the European Union increased by 21.7 percent from December 2018 to December 2019. This is primarily due to a low baseline from December 2018 which saw low sales. In August 2018, European new-car intenders flocked to dealerships ahead of price increases tied to tougher emissions tests, and EU auto sales increased 31 percent over August 2017. It was the highest month-over-month growth rate between August 2018 and 2019. New car sales in Europe Around 15.3 million passenger cars have been sold to customers in the 28 EU markets in 2019. Europe is one of the largest regional markets for passenger cars. The largest country markets, represented by Germany, France, the United Kingdom, Italy, and Spain, make up around 75 percent of car sales in the market. In 2018, Germany was the fourth largest single-country market in the world in terms of car sales, albeit closely followed by India. VW tops brand ranking With around 130,000 units sold in the EU in December 2019, Volkswagen was the best-selling car brand, while Renault was ranked as the second best-selling car brand in the EU. The other runner-ups included Mercedes-Benz, Ford, and BMW. 
 The statistic shows the global youth unemployment rate from 2009 to 2014 with a forecast up to 2019. The global youth unemployment rate was at 12.9 percent in 2012. Youth unemployment Just like the general unemployment rate, youth unemployment is recorded and monitored to gauge the job market situation in a country and worldwide. Youth unemployment includes unemployed individuals aged 15 to 24, a typical age range to have either just finished school or graduated and looking for jobs. In order to be registered as unemployed, a person must be able to work, unemployed and looking for a job. Usually youth unemployment is higher than adult unemployment, since many graduates do not find employment right after they have graduated. According to the development of youth unemployment in regions of the world, the rate is the highest in the Middle East, as is the general unemployment rate worldwide. To escape unemployment, it has become quite common in some parts of the world to leave ones hometown and look for work elsewhere. A look at youth employment prospects by country shows that optimism among young people in finding a good job is decreasing even among those who are not unemployed; especially in the countries struggling due to the economic crisis, hope to find a job that pays better than the current one to enable the young employees to live a better life than their parents is practically non-existent. Still, even though the global youth unemployment rate has been increasing slightly over the last few years, it is projected to remain stable in the future. 
 The statistic represents the number of health insurance employees in the United States from 1960 to 2018. In 1999, there were 319,200 health insurance employees (home-office personnel) in the United States. Until 2018, this number increased to almost 530 thousand employees. Health insurance The number of employees working as home-office personnel in the health insurance sector has risen since the 1990s. In 1996, about 278,000 people were employed in this industry and have increased to roughly 530,000 employees in 2018. Aflac is currently one of the leading health and life insurance companies in the United States. The company garnered profits of some three billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Medicaid is a health care program for families in the United States living on a low income. It is funded by both state and federal governments and managed by individual states. The program was created in 1965 under the Social Security Amendments. Total Medicaid spending in the United States is highest in California and New York, reaching some 84 billion U.S. dollars and 75 billion U.S. dollars, respectively, in fiscal year 2018. There were about 11.7 million Medicaid (and CHIP) enrollees in California and 6.5 million enrollees in New York as of 2019. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) or “Obamacare” was signed on March 23, 2010 with goals of increasing health insurance quality and affordability to raise the number of people covered by health insurance in the country and lowering health care costs for individuals. It was estimated that the ACA should help insure 13 million more people under Medicaid and CHIP and insure an additional 25 million citizens overall by 2023. 
 This ranking gives information on the most popular online activities of adult internet users in the United States as of November 2017. During the survey period, it was found that 74.4 percent of the online adult population accessed social networks. 
 This statistic shows the 10 U.S. states where the most tomatoes for fresh market were produced in 2017. In California, around eight million cwt of tomatoes for fresh market were produced that year. In terms of global vegetable production, tomatoes were ranked among the leading types. Tomatoes The tomato plant belongs to the so called nightshade family. It is one of the most popular vegetables worldwide. Tomatoes originated in Mexico and spread around the world after the Spanish colonization of the American continent. Today, approximately 150 million metric tons of tomatoes are produced globally. The United States produces around 1.4 million metric tons of tomatoes for fresh market consumption. The largest proportion of U.S. tomato production is used for further processing. The top U.S. states based on tomato production for fresh market usage are California and Florida. Per capita tomato consumption in the United States was stable over the past decade. Every American consumes more than 17 kilograms of fresh tomatoes annually. According to a study, every fourth American consumer buys fresh tomatoes weekly or even more frequently. Since 2000, average U.S. retail prices for one pound of field grown tomatoes varied between 1.40 and 2.47 U.S. dollars. 
 After reaching a record high in 2016, China’s labor force shrank to around 805.67 million people in 2018. A country’s labor force is defined as the total number of employable people and incorporates both the employed and the unemployed population. The share of the population participating in the labor market in China also decreased over the past years, reaching about 68 percent in 2018. Population challenges for China One of the reasons for the shrinking labor force is the Chinese one-child policy, which had been in effect for nearly 40 years, until it was revoked in 2016. The controversial policy was intended to improve people’s living standards and optimize resource distribution through controlling the size of China’s expanding population. Nonetheless, the policy also led to negative impacts on the labor market, pension system and other societal aspects. Today, China is becoming an aging society. The increase of elderly people and the lack of young people will become one of the biggest challenges for China in this century. Employment in China Despite the slowing down of economic growth, China’s unemployment rate has sustained a relatively low rate. Complete production chains and a well-educated labor force make China’s labor market one of the most attractive in the world. Working conditions and salaries in China have also improved significantly over the past years. Due to China’s leading position in terms of talent in the technology industry, the country is now attracting investment from some of the world’s leading companies in the high-tech sector. 
 This statistic shows the total number of births in Canada in 2019, distinguished by province. In 2019, 145,806 babies were born in Ontario. The life expectancy of babies born in 2017 in Canada was 82.47 years. 
 First released in July 2013, DOTA 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena game that was created as a sequel to Defense of the Ancients (DotA). Published by Valve Corporation, which is also the creator of the gaming platform Steam, DOTA 2 had an estimated 11.19 million monthly active users worldwide in January 2019. The MAU figure peaked back in June 2016, when an average of over 13 million players enjoyed the game every month. DOTA 2: Steam giant DOTA 2 is one of the most successful games on Steam. The game reached more than 844 thousand players in a single hour in its peak in 2018, beaten only by the battle royale classic, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds. It was also beaten only by PUBG based on the hourly average number of players on the gaming platform - an impressive 455 thousand players enjoyed DOTA 2 on Steam during an average hour in 2018. DOTA 2 tournaments The biggest DOTA 2 eSports tournament worldwide is The International. The first edition of the tournament took place during Gamescom in Cologne, Germany back in 2011. The International 2018 was held at the Rogers Arena in Vancouver, Canada and was the biggest eSports tournament of all time based on the overall prize pool of over 25 million U.S. dollars. In fact, all five of the top eSports tournaments of all time were editions of The International, highlighting its importance in the eSports universe. Given the sums of money up for grabs, it is no wonder that viewers in their millions are engrossed in the action. The International 8 in 2018 attracted approximately 14.96 million concurrent viewers in peak moment. These viewers watched professional DOTA 2 eSports team, OG, take home the grand prize, narrowly beating PSG.LGB in the Grand Finals. 
 Spain edged ahead of Italy to become the world’s top exporter of wine in 2018. The country shipped 21 million hectoliters of the beverage in that year, compared to Italy’s 19.7 million and France’s 14.1 million. 2018 was also a peak year for wine production worldwide. Overall, 292.3 million hectoliters of wine were produced compared to 249.8 million in 2017. Spanish wine Despite having the most area of land utilized for wine production in the world, Spain is the third overall wine producer by volume. In 2018, the country produced 44.4 million hectoliters, compared to production leader Italy’s 54.8. This discrepancy is due, at least in part, to the low yields of Spanish vines which are often planted in relatively dry and infertile soil. Imports Of the top three exporters, only France ranks in the top ten of wine importing countries, receiving 6.2 million hectoliters=, at value of 861 million Euros in 2018. 
How many daily active users does Snapchat have? As of the fourth quarter of 2019, photo and video sharing app Snapchat had 218 million daily active users worldwide, up from 186 million global DAU in the corresponding quarter of 2018. Snapchat is relevant for teenagers Originally launched in 2011, Snapchat has become one of the most popular social messaging and photo sharing apps worldwide; making its CEO and co-founder Evan Spiegel one of the world’s richest social media entrepreneurs. With an estimated 46 million monthly active users in the United States, Snapchat easily ranks among the most popular social apps in the country. According to U.S. teenagers in spring 2019, Snapchat is the most important social network of their generation, ahead of photo sharing competitor Instagram and other networks such as Twitter or Facebook. Overall, 53 percent of U.S. internet users aged 15 to 25 years were reportedly using Snapchat, the highest usage reach among any age group. When it comes to user satisfaction with social media, Snapchat’s performance is fair to middling. According to recent survey data, the social app scored 71 out of 100 points on a consumer satisfaction scale, ranking ahead of Twitter and Facebook but behind Pinterest and eternal rival Instagram. 
 Andreas Højsleth, known by his online alias, Xyp9x, currently leads the earnings table for eSports players of the online shooter game, Counter Strike: Global Offensive. The Danish gamer, who is a member of team Astralis, has earned over 1.74 million U.S. dollars playing CS:GO competitively. His fellow countryman, Peter Rasmussen, who goes by the alias dupreeh, occupies the second spot with earnings also exceeding 1.74 million U.S. dollars. Big sums to be won Despite still being a relatively young industry, the eSports market is worth big money. Some of the leading eSports tournaments worldwide have prize pools well into the millions, with more money being put on the line every year. This is also the case with Counter-Strike: Global Offensive tournaments as the cumulative prize pool for competitions across the world has increased from approximately 17 million U.S. dollars in 2016 to over 22 million U.S. dollars in 2018. As a result of Counter Strike’s continued success, the game has seen its revenues almost double from 221 million U.S. dollars in 2015 to 414 million U.S. dollars in 2018. Viewers are hooked by the millions With so much at stake, it is no wonder that viewers tune in by the millions to find out who will emerge victorious. ELEAGUE Major, which took place in January 2018, was the most watched CS:GO tournament in 2018, with peak viewers reaching nearly 1.9 million. The event was the 12th major CS:GO championship and featured 24 teams from all over the globe. The playoffs were held in Boston, United States, with the final game seeing Cloud9 of the United States come out on top against FaZe Clan of Europe. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in the United States from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in the United States is expected to reach 223.2 million, up from 220.5 million in 2018. As of the fourth quarter of 2018, the social network was accessed by 2.3 billion users on a monthly basis. 
 The statistic shows the degree of urbanization in the United States from 1970 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population living in urban areas. In 2018, about 82.26 percent of the total population in the United States lived in cities and urban areas. Urbanization in the United States With the United States being populated and inhabited by settlers and migrants quite late in comparison to other nations, urbanization took place a lot later than in other developed nations. Urbanization is defined as the migration of people to the cities (mostly from rural areas, but also from other countries) making the cities larger and more populated. The term ‘Urbanization’ is mainly used in reference to larger cities, it is a phenomenon caused by the migration of people to urban areas in search of better living standards, for example greater job opportunities, better health conditions or housing. Urbanization is one of the factors that has contributed to the abandonment of rural areas and the agricultural way of life in favor of industrial jobs and improved conditions. Many young people from rural areas see moving to the city as a way of enabling them to live their life in the manner that they choose. Urbanization in the States was most prominent on the East Coast to begin with, as it initially served as the main point of entry for the majority of migrants; the gradual settling of other areas of the country followed subsequently. Today, however, Western parts of the United States are classed as being the most urbanized; the majority of cities and urban areas can be found here. The Northeast is also highly urbanized, with New York being the most populous city in the United States. According to the US Census Bureau, out of all US states, only four still have a rural majority: Vermont, West Virginia, Mississippi and Maine. 
 Canada’s carbon dioxide emissions from fossil fuel and cement production reached about 568 million metric tons in 2018, compared to 494 million metric tons in 1995. A large percentage of global greenhouse gas emissions (GHG) are derived from the production and consumption of energy. In Canada, energy-related emissions account for an even higher share of total emissions due to extreme temperatures, large land area, and dispersed populations. In terms of electricity, increased generation from renewable sources has also helped to decrease energy-related emissions, however, fossil fuels still constitute the majority of Canada’s primary energy supply. Which province is the largest GHG emitter? Alberta is one of the largest emitters of greenhouse gas emissions in Canada. Together the top five provincial emitters, including Alberta, Ontario, Quebec, Saskatchewan, and British Columbia, accounted for over 91 percent of the country’s emissions. The oil production in Alberta contributes to the province’s high emissions, especially under periods of increased oil sands production. However, technological and efficiency improvements have helped reduce the oil sands emissions per barrel. 
 Inflation in Zimbabwe rose to 10.6 percent in 2018, and is projected to jump dramatically to 161.81 percent in 2019. After that, estimates predict a 3 percent equilibrium for now - however, given Zimbabwe’s history of poor monetary policy, including one of the worst instances of hyperinflation, this seems unrealistic. Inflation history Inflation depends significantly on economic expectations of it, making it hard to reduce inflation once it has hit higher levels. This happened in Zimbabwe in the years approaching 2008, at the end of which a single U.S. dollar was worth over 2.6 trillion Zimbabwe dollars, up from 10,000 Zimbabwe dollars at the start of 2005. This all but destroyed Zimbabwe’s economy, leading to very low gross domestic product (GDP) per capita and a government struggling to finance itself. The way ahead In 2009, the Zimbabwean dollar had twelve zeros slashed from the banknotes. This was not enough, and after three decades of rule, former Zimbabwean president Robert Mugabe was removed from power at the end of 2017. Citizens of the country are trying to hold foreign banknotes; they prefer U.S. dollars or euros, but the South African rand is more common. However, the rand’s performance against other currencies has been lackluster in recent years. This underscores the struggle that the Zimbabwean people have to find a stable currency at the moment. 
 This statistic shows Facebook's average revenue per user from 2012 to 2019. In 2019, Facebook's average advertising revenue per user was 29.25 U.S. dollars. The social network's advertising revenue in 2019 was 69.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In December 2019, the VW brand's share of new-car registrations in the European Union stood at around 10.7 percent, 0.8 points less than the share in December 2018. Many brands see upward trend Despite an increase in December sales for many brands, Volkswagen and other marques lost their market shares. The VW group saw monthly sales increase 21 percent but its market share dropped by 0.1 percent. Overall, new passenger car registrations in the EU increased by 21.7 percent in December 2019, compared with the previous year. Although it was a good month in many of the EU's markets, the increase in sales is magnified by low figures from December 2018. Sales soar on the back of tougher regulations There was an increase of 31 percent in new passenger car registrations in August 2018, compared with the year before. In the face of new EU emissions standards, consumers rushed to buy new vehicles before the new tests would be implemented. There was an increase of over 30 percent in new passenger car registrations in August 2018, compared with August 2017. The new WTLP test was created in response to the diesel emissions scandal of 2015, in which the Volkswagen Group played a central role. New test conditions aim to replicate real world driving conditions to get a more accurate picture of the emissions produced on Europe’s roads. Following the test’s introduction, September sales of passenger cars fell by 23.5 percent. Passenger vehicle sales in the EU show strong seasonal trends with new cars typically being bought more often between March and June. 
 This statistic shows the number of missing person files as listed by the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, the number of missing person files decreased slightly compared to previous years, with 609,275 cases. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Chuck E. Cheese's worldwide from 2007 to 2018. Chuck E. Cheese's generated approximately 896.07 million U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018, up from 886.77 million in the previous year. 
 The graph shows revenue generated by Viacom from 2009 to 2019. In the fiscal year 2019 (spanning from October 2018 to September 2019), the media company generated 12.84 billion U.S. dollars revenue. Additional info: revenue generated by Viacom Viacom is one of the largest media conglomerates worldwide, active in such sectors as cable TV and cinema. In the last fiscal year, its global revenue dropped slightly - from 13.26 billion U.S. dollars in 2017 to 12.94 billion in 2018. The company’s revenue streams come from two segments – media networks and filmed entertainment. The first one operates numerous TV channels, such as MTV, VH1, and Nickelodeon, as well as various internet brands. The second consist of the Paramount Picture Corporation, which held 4.8 percent of the film market in 2017. It is well known for movies such as Arrival and Star Trek Beyond. The revenue of the media networks segment stood at 10.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2017, whilst filmed entertainment brought in 3.29 billion U.S. dollars of revenue in the same year. 
 The average price of sea scallops in the United States in 2018 was 9.26 U.S. dollars per pound. This was a decrease from around 12 U.S. dollars per pound in 2016. Global seafood market The global demand for seafood is on the rise. In 2018 the seafood market worldwide was valued at 129.7 billion U.S. dollars, and is projected to increase to 155.3 billion U.S. dollars by 2023. The country with the highest value of fish and fishery product exports in 2017 was the European Union, followed by China in fish exports. Seafood consumption Between 2014 and 2017 the average annual per capita consumption of seafood worldwide amounted to around 20 kilograms per year. In the United States, per capita consumption of fish and shellfish was about 14.7 pounds, or 6.66 kilograms per year, much less than the global average. American consumers seem to prefer meat, eggs, and dairy products when it comes to choosing a protein source. Only about 29 percent of Americans eat seafood, compared to 78 percent who eat meat. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy at birth in India from 2007 to 2017. The average life expectancy at birth in India in 2017 was 69.17 years. Standard of living in India India is one of the so-called BRIC countries, an acronym which stands for Brazil, Russia, India and China, the four states considered the major emerging market countries. They are all in a similar advanced economic state and are expected to advance even further. India is also among the twenty leading countries with the largest gross domestic product / GDP, and the twenty countries with the largest proportion of global gross domestic product / GDP based on Purchasing Power Parity (PPP). Its unemployment rate has been stable over the past few years; India is also among the leading import and export countries worldwide. This alone should put India in a relatively comfortable position economically speaking, however, parts of the population of India are struggling with poverty and health problems. When looking at a comparison of the median age of the population in selected countries – i.e. one half of the population is older and the other half is younger –, it can be seen that the median age of the Indian population is about twenty years less than that of the Germans or Japanese. In fact, the median age in India is significantly lower than the median age of the population of the other emerging BRIC countries – Russia, China and Brazil. Additionally, the total population of India has been steadily increasing. Regarding life expectancy, India is neither among the countries with the highest, nor among those with the lowest life expectancy at birth. The majority of the Indian population is aged between 15 and 64 years, with only about 5 percent being older than 64. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of golf management companies based on the number of golf courses* the companies operate in 2017. Troon Golf is the leading company with 270 golf courses in their portfolio. As of 2016, Rory Mcllroy was the highest paid professional golfer in the world, followed by Arnold Palmer and Phil Mickelson. Although Mcllroy earned most of his income off course, he earned around 17.5 million U.S. dollars on course that year. 
 The online gaming platform, Steam, was first released by the Valve Corporation in 2003. What started off as a small platform for Valve to provide updates to its games has turned into the largest computer gaming platform in the world. The platform initially released just seven games in 2004, but this number has progressively risen in the ensuing years, reaching a staggering 9,050 in 2018. Steam’s PC dominance When you think of PC gaming, you automatically think of Steam. With such a wide range of games on offer from traditional online multiplayer shooters to farming simulators, there is something for every gaming taste on the platform. As a result, gamers flock to Steam in their millions, with the platform registering 18.5 million peak concurrent users in 2018. Steam generated 4.3 billion U.S. dollars in game sales in 2017, marking a dramatic increase from the 1.5 billion U.S. dollars of revenue generated in 2014. The global nature of the platform can be seen by the wide range of languages spoken by its users. Whilst English remains the dominant language, a combined 35 percent of Steam users in 2019 stated that their main language was either Chinese or Russian. Steam’s biggest games PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG) was the most popular game on Steam during 2018. The battle royale game averaged almost 853 thousand players per hour, almost twice the figure of its closest competitor, DOTA 2. The game also topped the 2018 list for peak number of concurrent players - PUBG reached more than 3.2 million players in a single hour in its peak, with DOTA 2 once more claiming second place. 
 In 2018, a total of 1.3 billion tickets were sold in the United States and Canada. Whilst this is an improvement on the 1.23 billion sold in 2017, sales have not exceeded 1.4 billion since 2009. What can affect ticket sales? The factors influencing movie ticket sales are many, with the appeal of current movies (or lack thereof) being the most obvious reason why a film fan may purchase more or fewer tickets over the course of a year. However, surveys have revealed that the general public, at least in the United States, are not necessarily happy with how expensive visits to the cinema have become. In 2018, a study showed that the majority of U.S. respondents cited the cost of movie tickets as the main reason for seeing fewer movies in theaters. These concerns are not unfounded – the average price of a movie theater ticket in North America was 9.11 U.S. dollars in 2018, an increase of 14 cents from the previous year. Whilst this may not sound like much, ticket prices have been climbing for years, and with the average number of people per family in the U.S. standing at 3.14, a family trip to the movies could cost almost 30 dollars. This is before purchasing concessions, which rarely provide the best value for money. The price of concessions in movie theaters was also a reason why U.S. adults said they made fewer trips to the cinema than they used to. Costs: streaming services vs. movie theater tickets The experience of going to the cinema versus an evening spent indoors watching Netflix content are two very different things. However, the content available to watch in each scenario is also very different, and therein lies the appeal of streaming services. Not only do such services offer their subscribers the chance to enjoy content at their leisure in their own home, the monthly costs of certain video services are close to matching the price of a cinema ticket. Monthly fees for certain streaming subscriptions can be as little as nine to 15 dollars per month, for the benefit of being able to access the content you want, when you want. When compared to paying over nine dollars for a movie theater ticket, streaming is certainly the better value option. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, adjusted U.S. retail e-commerce sales amounted to over 158 billion U.S. dollars. Retail e-commerce sales in the United States are estimated from samples used for the Monthly Retail Trade Survey and exclude online travel services, ticket sales agencies and financial brokers. Online retail sales currently account for one tenth of total retail and approximately 5 percent of annual e-commerce revenue in the United States. The largest B2C e-commerce merchandise category is clothing and clothing accessories, including footwear. Online retail refers to customers buying goods or services from a seller online. Some online retailers are based on brick-and-mortar stores, whereas others are purely online retailing corporations. Most notable examples for online-based companies are market leaders Amazon and eBay. Prerequisites for online shopping are an internet connection and a valid method of payment. After purchasing, products are usually shipped to a designated address, picked up in-store or made available for digital distribution. Online retail provides 24 hours access to customers, as well as the possibility to shop around with ease and compare prices. Online retail sites often feature customer-written reviews in addition to the standard product information. 
 This statistic shows the total global revenue of Marks & Spencer from 2010 to 2019. In 2019, the British retailer generated approximately 10.4 billion British pounds in revenue both in the United Kingdom (UK) and internationally. This is a decrease of almost 1 billion British pounds since 2010. Marks and Spencer has been established in the UK since 1884. The retailer offers a wide range of products to its customers, from food items to general merchandise, such as clothing, beauty and personal care products and home accessories. There are currently over 1,000 Marks & Spencer stores located in the UK, and 444 operating internationally. These stores range from the core shops, which offer a selection of the company's general merchandise and food products, the supermarkets (branded as M&S Foodhalls), home stores, outlet stores and convenience stores (branded as M&S Simply Food) Marks and Spencer's is renowned for its higher quality products, especially those in the food section. Around 67 percent of people feel that the quality of the products is worth a 5 star rating. On the contrary though, only 6 percent feel that they get value for money when shopping at Marks and Spencer's. 
 The number of Tencent's WeChat active accounts has been increasing by 20 million each quarter. In the most recently reported quarter, Tencent's WeChat had over 1.15 billion monthly active users from a wide range of age groups. WeChat users – additional information First released in 2011, WeChat is a mobile messaging app developed by the Chinese company Tencent. In its home market of China, WeChat is marketed as Weixin and was rebranded as WeChat in 2012 for international audiences. As of the end of 2018, WeChat and Weixin had surpassed one billion users, a significant increase from the previous year. Today, WeChat is one of the leading social networks worldwide, ranking fifth in number of active users. WeChat has lots of popular messaging app features, including Moments. About 61 percent of WeChat users access WeChat Moments every time they open the app, and 22.6 percent of WeChat users use the WeChat Moments feature often. Voice and text messaging, group messaging, payment and games are other examples of WeChat activities. The app also includes a following function whereby users can follow accounts. 
 In 2017, the United States, followed by (the leading 15 countries from) Western Europe, had that largest share of pharmaceutical revenue globally. For comparison, Australia had one of the lowest single shares among the listed countries. The data shows that the United States held 33 percent of global pharmaceutical revenue. The pharmaceutical industry is composed of various actors responsible for the discovery, development, and distribution of drugs and medicines. The global pharma industry The worldwide pharmaceutical market was recently valued at over 1.14 trillion U.S. dollars. Trends suggest that the pharmaceutical market globally is on the increase. In recent years Pfizer had the largest amount of global prescription sales; however, Roche had the highest research and development spending. Research and development is important for creating new, innovative pharmaceuticals, since branded products are under the threat of patent expiration and generic competition after a certain amount of years. Leading therapeutic classes Based on therapeutic classes, at this moment, the largest shares of pharmaceuticals sales globally are attributable to oncologics and pain management drugs. Among all therapeutic classes, Humira, Eliquis and Revlimid were the top three drugs sold. Among oncologics, the top pharmaceutical sales sector, Revlimid (marketed by Celgene) generated the most revenue in recent years. 
 The statistic shows the sales of the leading men's shaving cream brands in the United States in 2019. In that year, Edge was the leading men's shaving cream brand in the United States with sales of about 77.6 million U.S. dollars. Additional information on the shaving cream market Shaving cream is used by men in order to facilitate shaving, creating a more comfortable process and a better finish. Although shaving cream was once applied with a brush, pressurized cans of shaving cream have been on the market since 1949 and now account for the majority of shaving creams used today. The majority of men in the United States prefer to purchase their shaving cream from multi-outlets. This is not surprising as shaving creams are not a luxury item but a common household good, with the average American only spending around 21.57 U.S. dollars on shaving needs annually in 2015. Edge shaving products, the highest earning products in the statistic above, are the second most preferred brand of shaving cream or gel behind Barbasol. Barbasol was invented in 1919 and was purchased by Perio, Inc. from Pfizer in 2001 who have attempted to maintain the brands market relevance. 
 This statistic depicts the fuel ethanol production in major countries and regions in 2019. In that year, the United States produced the greatest amount of fuel ethanol in the world, generating some 15.8 billion gallons in total. With nearly 8.6 billion gallons, Brazil was ranked second. Ethanol is a grain alcohol that can be blended with gasoline and used in motor vehicles. 
 This statistic depicts CVS Health's number of stores from 2005 to 2018. The CVS Health Corporation is a U.S. drug retailing company, with three major segments: Pharmacy Services, Retail/LTC, and Corporate. CVS Health is headquartered in Woonsocket, Rhode Island. In 2018, the company's total number of stores was nearly 10 thousand. In 2014, the company changed its name from CVS Caremark to CVS Health. CVS Health key facts CVS Health has steadily increased its number of stores in the last decade from 5,474 stores in 2005 to 9,967 stores in 2018. The company’s revenue has also steadily increased from 37 billion U.S. dollars in 2005 to almost 195 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Around two thirds of the company’s revenue are generated from its pharmacy services while the rest is generated from its retail/LTC segment. The company has three main segments including Pharmacy Services, Retail/LTC, and Corporate. For example, CVS/Caremark is a pharmacy benefit management company, providing services to corporate, insurance, and other health plans. CVS pharmacies are also one of the leading drug store chains in the United States, with its stores located in over 40 states. CVS Health spent 376 million U.S. dollars in advertising in 2014. CVS Health originated when it was first established in 1979 in Irvine, California under the name “Caremark”. Recently, in September 3, 2014, the company changed its corporate name to CVS Health. Once CVS stood for Consumer Value Stores, but former CEO, Thomas Ryan, stated that he believed it now stood for, “Convenience, Value, and Service”. Additionally, the company holds several exclusive private labels at its stores, such as Just the Basics and Earth Essentials. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Indonesia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Indonesia was at approximately 4.38 percent. Indonesia's population and economy The Republic of Indonesia is a sovereign state archipelago in Southeast Asia, composed of more than 17,000 islands. In 2010, Indonesia's total population amounted to more than 237 million people. It is estimated to reach more than 255 million people by 2015. Indonesia is among the the thirty largest countries in the world (in terms of geographical area) and also among the countries with the largest population, behind China, India, and the USA. Better living conditions, better health care, and a growing economy in Indonesia are fundamental for the growing population. Nowadays, Jakarta, the largest city in Indonesia, has more than 9.5 million inhabitants. Indonesia's economy has seen major improvements over the past years, and the country is one of the frontrunners here as well: Estimated to be around 856 billion U.S. dollars, Indonesia had one of largest gross domestic products worldwide in 2014. As a result of the prospering economy, unemployment in the country is rapidly decreasing. as can be seen above. Between 2005 and 2014, the unemployment rate in Indonesia decreased by more than 5 percent. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Pakistan from 1984 to 2019. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Pakistan's gross domestic product amounted to around 314.59 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2017, New Mexico had the highest burglary rate in the United States. That year, they had 767.8 occurrences per 100,000 residents. Mississippi followed with 697.8 incidents per 100,000 residents. What is burglary?Burglary in the United States is considered a felony or misdemeanor. It includes trespassing and theft, going inside of a building or car, with the intent to commit any crime. Even if the crime is not necessarily theft, it is still illegal. Some states consider burglary committed during the day as housebreaking, not burglary. The Bureau of Justice Statistics defines it as unlawful or forcible entry into a building. There are four types of burglary in total: completed burglary, forcible entry, unlawful entry, and attempted forcible entry. Burglary in the United States Burglary affects all 50 states in the United States, as burglary was the third most common type of crime in the United States in 2018. California had the highest number of reported burglaries in that same year, whereas Wyoming had the lowest number. The Lake Charles, Louisiana metropolitan area had the highest burglary rate out of all metropolitan areas in the country. However, the overall reported burglary rate in the United States has decreased significantly since 1990. 
 In 2018/19 income tax receipts in the United Kingdom amounted to 132.2 billion British pounds, which when compared with 2000/01 was a net increase of 74.2 billion pounds. In the future, income tax receipts are expected to continue to rise. Income tax brackets The amount which workers in the United Kingdom pay in income tax is determined by how much they earn and falls into four income tax bands. All workers in the United Kingdom are entitled to earn a personal allowance of 12.5 thousand pounds before they are charged income tax. The Basic rate of 20 percent applies to income between 12.5 and 50 thousand pounds, with a higher rate of 40 percent charged on incomes that are between 50 and 150 thousand pounds. There is also an additional rate for earnings over 150 thousand pounds which has a tax rate of 45 percent. UK Government spending The government of the United Kingdom aims to spend approximately 256 billion on Social Protection on 2018/19, the most of any spending category. This was followed by spending on health, education and defense, at 166, 103, and 52 billion pounds respectively. 
 This statistic shows the total annual value of the grocery retail market in the United Kingdom from 2007, with a forecast up to 2017. In 2012, the UK grocery market was valued at 163.2 billion British pounds. This is forecast to grow annually, with a total market value of 192.6 billion by 2017. The term grocery means all shopping for food that is normally non perishable, with original grocery shops being small. This has changed over recent times, where grocers may now even have a butcher of baker on premises. Some of the largest grocers in the United Kingdom are now Tesco and Sainsbury's, however they can also be named supermarkets. Both Morrison's and Tesco are seen by the public to be the best grocer's in the United Kingdom (UK) with 14 percent of the market seeing both as leading players. In terms of actual market share, Tesco's is the leading grocer, with a share of 19 percent of the market. Shopping online for groceries is also seeing an increase. with 6 percent of the market using this source instead of going to their local market. 
 In 2019, Etsy, an e-commerce website company in craft and vintage items, generated revenues worth 818.79 million U.S. dollars, up from more than 603.69 million U.S. dollars in the previous year. Most products on Etsy are sold by independent sellers. Etsy company details Etsy launched in 2005 and went public in 2015 after a decade of operations, and is now one of the leading online marketplaces worldwide. In July 2019, the company had a market capitalization of 7.46 billion U.S. dollars. According to industry experts, Etsy is projected to grow its revenue at a 22 percent CAGR between 2019 and 2021, with a 31 percent EBITDA CAGR during the same period. The company generates revenue from three primary revenue streams: marketplace revenues including fees for sales transactions and listings, seller service revenues, and other revenues including third-party payment processor fees. In 2018, Etsy’s marketplace was its most profitable segment with almost 441 billion U.S. dollars in revenues. Mobile shopping Etsy has successfully made use of the increasing use of mobile in online shopping. The company’s mobile app is significantly more successful than Etsy’s mobile website, making it one of the most popular online shopping apps in the United States. Overall, mobile accounted for 55 percent of Etsy’s gross merchandise volume in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the production of soybeans in the United States from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, roughly 3.56 billion bushels of soybeans were produced in the country in 2019. Around 31.86 million metric tons of soybeans were exported to China that year. 
 In 2018, California had the highest Hispanic population in the United States, with over 15.5 million people claiming Hispanic heritage. Texas, Florida, New York, and Arizona rounded out the top five states. History of Hispanic people Hispanic people are those whose heritage stems from a former Spanish colony. The Spanish Empire colonized most of Central and Latin America in the 15th century, which began when Christopher Columbus arrived in the Americas in 1492. The Spanish Empire expanded its territory throughout Central America and South America, but the colonization of the United States did not include the Northeastern part of the United States. Despite the number of Hispanic people living in the United States having increased, the median income of Hispanic households has fluctuated slightly since 1990. Hispanic population in the United States Hispanic people are the second-largest ethnic group in the United States, making Spanish the second most common language spoken in the country. In 2018, about one-fifth of Hispanic households in the United States made between 50,000 to 74,999 U.S. dollars. The unemployment rate of Hispanic Americans has fluctuated significantly since 1990, but has been on the decline since 2010. 
 In the United States, more than half of the population reported owning a pet in 2011. This number has been quite steady since then. Today there are more than 90 million cats in the United States, while the number of dogs is just below the 90 million-mark. Freshwater fish are the most common pet with almost 140 million nationwide in 2018, followed by the aforementioned cats and dogs. Pet expenses When it comes to expenses, fish are generally considered low maintenance compared to other pets. Dogs especially require high expense, particularly for kennel boarding while their owners are away. However, the highest costs for dog owners are due to surgical vet visits, reported at almost double the expense for cats in 2019. Lower life expectancy could be a factor - around 11 years for a medium-sized dog, compared with 12 to 15 years for cats. Pet food Food is currently the largest expense for cat owners, and the second highest for dogs, not even including treats. Despite the convenience of buying pet food online, or while already grocery shopping in a supermarket, food store, or wholesale club, the highest share of pet food sales comes from pet specialty chains. With many owners are willing to make the extra trip for their pets, chain shops Pet Smart and PetCo make up almost half the market for pet companies in the United States. 
 This statistic shows selected cities with the most expensive hotel rates in the United States as of November 2019. According to the source, hotel rates in New York were the most expensive out of the selected cities with the average price for a hotel room reaching 229 U.S. dollars. 
 In January 2018, it was expected that house prices in the United Kingdom (UK) would increase in the following years. Forecasts indicated a cumulative growth of residential property prices between 2018 and 2022 of 12.6 percent. As of July 2018, the average price for a house in the UK was 231,163 British pounds. Brexit process created concerns This forecast was released before Brexit started to appear in the news, throwing a spanner in the works for any prediction on the UK’s future. The political uncertainty surrounding the idea of the UK leaving the European Union forced a decrease in the number of property transactions in the last months of 2018. Prices to increase the least in London The doubts on the housing market especially affected the city of London. Compared to other UK regions, the capital was forecast to see the lowest price growth after 2019 as opposed to price rises in the North West region, which includes cities such as Manchester, Liverpool, Preston and Blackpool. 
What is the most subscribed YouTube channel? Indian music network T-Series had the most YouTube subscribers in the world in January 2020, with almost 123 million users following the channel. Swedish video game commentator PewDiePie ranked second with over 102 million subscribers. YouTube content and impact YouTube was launched in 2005 as a platform for sharing user-generated videos such as vlogs, tutorials or original series. The site grew rapidly and reportedly had 100 million video views per day and more than 65 thousand daily uploads only a year later. As of May 2019, more than 500 hours of video were uploaded to YouTube every minute, up from a mere 24 hours of content uploads per minute in 2010. YouTube is one of the most popular online platforms in the United States, with 27 percent of internet users accessing it at least once per day. YouTube Partner Program Through its Partner Program, YouTube also rewards uploaders of popular videos with a share of the advertising revenues the content generates. This, paired with the fact that many users of the video sharing platform tend to have favorite channels that they revisit regularly, has given rise to another phenomenon: YouTube celebrities. Although some of these well-known figures were discovered on the website but then carved a successful career outside of YouTube, for many others the site is their primary platform for delivering content and staying in contact with fans, all while signing lucrative deals or promotional partnerships. Top earning YouTubers As of June 2019, two of the top ten most popular YouTube channels by number of subscribers were YouTubers primarily known for their work on the platform: PewDiePie and DudePerfect. Due to the high number of subscribers and even higher number of views, these out-of-the-box stars not only have millions of fans, but also considerable earnings from their YouTube activities. The ranking of the highest-earning YouTube celebrities include makeup artist Jeffree Star and various gaming content YouTubers. However, the highest annual earner among all YouTubers in 20189 was Ryan Kaji from Ryan's World (formerly known as ToysReview), an eight-year-old who reviews and plays with toys. 
How many married couples are in the U.S.? In 2019, there were 61.96 million married couples in the United States. This is an increase from 40.2 million married couples in 1960. Marriage in the U.S. While the number of married couples in the U.S. has increased in the past few decades, this could very well just be due to population change, since while the U.S. population has been increasing, the marriage rate has decreased significantly since 1990. In addition, the divorce rate has almost halved since 1990 despite concerns that more people are getting divorced than in years past. Same-sex marriage in the U.S. After years of advocacy, same-sex marriage became legal in the United States in June 2015. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that same-sex marriage was legal in a landmark ruling in the case of Obergefell v. Hodges. In 2015, a clear majority of Americans were in favor of the legalization of same-sex marriage, and approval has only been increasing in the years since. 
 The graph shows the percentage of the Chinese population living in urban areas until 2018. In 2018, about 59.8 percent of the total population lived in cities. Degree of urbanization in China – additional information Urbanization is generally defined as a process of people migrating from rural to urban areas, during which towns and cities are formed and increase in size. Even though urbanization is not exclusively a modern phenomenon, industrialization and modernization did accelerate its progress. As shown in the statistic at hand, the degree of urbanization of China, the world’s second-largest economy, rose from 39 percent in 2002 to around 51 percent in 2011. That year, the urban population surpassed the number of rural residents for the first time in the country’s history. According to the urbanization blueprint, issued in March 2013 by the Communist Party and State Council, China aims at reaching 70 percent urbanization by 2030.The urbanization rate varies greatly in different parts of China. While urbanization is lesser advanced in western or central China, in most coastal regions in eastern China more than two-thirds of the population lives already in cities. Among the ten largest Chinese cities in 2018, seven were located in coastal regions in East and South China.Brazil and Russia, two other BRIC countries, display a much higher degree of urbanization than China. On the other hand, in India, the country with the worlds’ second largest population, a mere 34.7 percent of the population lived in urban regions as of 2018. Similar to other parts of the world, the progress of urbanization in China is closely linked to modernization. From 2008 to 2018, the contribution of agriculture to the gross domestic product in China shrank from 10.73 percent to 7.2 percent. Even more evident was the decrease of workforce in agriculture. 
 This statistic provides a forecast of the rapeseed production volume worldwide in 2018/2019, by country. It was forecasted, that the rapeseed production of Canada would amount to some 21.1 million metric tons. The global production of rapeseed oil is expected to reach nearly 28 million metric tons by that year. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Golden State Warriors franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise is 440 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the export of goods from China from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, goods worth approximately 2.26 trillion U.S. dollars had been exported from China. Export of goods from China – additional information According to the graph at hand, China’s exports have been growing steadily over the past decade, except in 2009 when financial crisis and global economic downturn slowed down global trade. Apart from being the most populous country, China has also become the largest manufacturing economy and the largest exporter in the world. Textile and apparel are among the very first products that had been manufactured and traded in China since the economic reforms started in 1978. Today, China has become the largest textile-producing and –exporting country worldwide. In 2013, the revenue of the Chinese textile industry ranged at roughly 526 billion U.S. dollars. As of 2012, China accounted for approximately 33.4 percent of the global textile exports, followed by the European Union and India with a share of 24.3 percent and 5.3 percent respectively. Textile manufacturing is labor-intensive. With rising labor costs and declining working-age population, China has been less attractive in comparison to other countries including Bangladesh and Cambodia, where the average monthly wage for a garment factory worker is much lower. In order to keep its export advantages, China has tried to move up the global value chain by a shift to high-end exports such as power devices and electronic products over the past years. In 2012, China was the top ranked global integrated circuits and electronic components exporter . 
 This statistic depicts the share of weekly craft beer drinkers in the United States in 2015, by generation. In that year, 57 percent of Millennials drank craft beer every week in the United States.Craft Beer in the United StatesCraft beer is paving the way for a new crop of beer makers! While the 1990's and early 2000's saw a big rise in brew pubs, the trend today leans more toward microbreweries that aim to distribute their product. Over the last couple of years, the number of new brewery openings has been at near unprecedented levels; the highest total since the 1880's. And every year, hundreds more are opening. In 2016, the craft brewing industry provided more than 128 thousand jobs across the country.The innovative nature of these craft brewers has driven the market. Many customers have grown tired of light lagers, which is what fueled the craft movement. The concept that every brewer is brewing something new and original has carved a lucrative niche into a once thought-to-be cornered market.Craft breweries have a few things working in their favor, perhaps the most important of which is a customer base that's culturally diverse. Brewers will also focus their marketing efforts on capturing the expanding consumer base represented by female consumers. Craft beer lovers also tend to stay abreast of local trends in the market and are generally eager to try something new. If they like what they taste, they quickly spread the word, meaning hometown customers can quickly become evangelists for a brewery's product as they visit and move to different cities. 
 This statistic shows the leading ten countries worldwide based on uranium consumption in 2017. In that year, the United States was the largest uranium consumer worldwide, using a total of almost 19,000 metric tons of uranium. Uranium consumption worldwide Uranium is a heavy metal that occurs in many rocks as well as in sea water. Its high density allows it to be used in the keels of yachts as well as for radiation shielding. However, it is most commonly known for its use as a source of concentrated energy in nuclear power plants. Under specialized nuclear reactors, various radioisotopes of uranium can be produced to use in medicine, food preservation, and industrial agriculture. For example, radioactive chemical tracers can be used in the diagnosis of the human body. Uranium is generally extracted through open-pit and underground mines, however, with advances in technology, alternative methods such as in-situ leach mining have become more prominent. Uranium consumption is the highest in the United States, France, and China, as of 2017. However, Kazakhstan and Canada are among the top producers of uranium with around 23,400 metric tons and 13,100 metric tons produced in 2017, respectively. In fact, the United States receives much of its uranium from Canada. Australia has some of the largest known recoverable uranium resources in the world with some 1.17 million metric tons as of 2014. Areva, headquartered in Paris, is one of the largest uranium producers in the world, producing some 10,500 metric tons in 2015. Areva is the only company that has established itself in all industrial aspects of nuclear energy including mining, chemistry, engineering, nuclear reactors, and recycling. 
 The median age in Pakistan grew to 21.8 years in 2015, meaning that half of the population was older than that, half younger. This figure was lowest in between 1975 and 2000 but is projected to rise to 30 years by 2050. The meaning of age structure Pakistan has one of the largest populations worldwide, and this statistic presents the median age of that group. This suggests that millions of Pakistanis are too young to work and in need of education. At the same time, the rising life expectancy suggests that the median age will shift upward in the future in a way not predicted by the source. This could be due to different interpretations of infant mortality and other factors by differing sources. Economic implications Having a younger workforce can be a challenge for an economy in the short run. If the country can educate the youth, short-term spending can pay off when those youth become more productive workers. This investment can be costly, however, and Pakistan may not be able to finance this spending if its national debt is too high. The success of the youth depends largely on the country’s fiscal priorities, and this success will shape the country’s outcomes in the medium term. 
 This table ranks the 50 states of the United States and the District of Columbia by their unemployment rate. In December 2019, about 2.6 percent of Hawaii's population was unemployed. The highest unemployment rate recorded was in Alaska at 6.1 percent. Unemployment in the U.S. A person is considered unemployed if they have no job and are currently looking for a job and available to work. The unemployment rate in the United States varies across states. Nation-wide unemployment was 3.5 percent as of December 2019. Unemployment can be affected by various factors including economic conditions and global competition. During economic prosperity, unemployment rates generally decrease and during times of recession, rates increase. Many Americans believe that job creation should be one of the most important priorities set by the government. Since 1990, the country’s unemployment rate reached a low of 3.9 percent in 2018 and a high in 2010 at 9.6 percent. It has been argued that the definition of unemployment is too narrow and does not include some groups of people, such as the “underemployed” and the “hidden unemployed”, which account for about 3.3 million Americans. 
 Gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Italy in 2018 reached roughly 34,320 U.S. dollars. When analyzed from the regional perspective of the single regions, the highest GDP per capita could be observed in the Northern areas of the country. Leading the 2018 ranking was the province of Bozen, an autonomous region in the North-East of Italy, where the value of GPD per inhabitant was equal to 47 thousand euros. In Aosta Valley and Lombardy, the second and the third regions with the highest gross domestic product per capita, the values amounted to over 38 thousand euros respectively. Economic performance of a countryGross domestic product per capita is an indicator of economic performance, calculated as a division of the total gross domestic product of a country in a certain period of time by its population. Whereas nominal and real GDP help to understand the economic strength of the country as a whole, per capita values illustrate the standard of living and wellbeing of the citizens. Italian economy among the slowest growing economies in the EU Despite the 1.5 percent growth of Italian gross domestic product registered in 2017, GDP growth rate is predicted to slow down in the upcoming years, going hand-in-hand with the gradual stagnation of Italy’s economy. When compared to the other EU member states, annual GDP growth in 2018 was one of the lowest. 
 In 2017, about 5.07 million babies were born in the European Union, a slight decrease from the year before. Of those 5.06 million, some 785,000 were born in Germany, the most of any EU member state. Live births are the births of children excluding stillbirths; a key figure that can provide insight to demographic analyses, such as population growth. Population growth in Europe Europe is the continent with the second highest life expectancy at birth and has favorable living conditions due to factors such as a stable economy, and a high quality of public health and medical care. The European Union’s population has remained securely around 500 million inhabitants, though it has been increasing slowly from 2008 to 2018. The country with the highest number of foreign-born residents in 2018 was Germany, with 13.7 million people. Managing an influx of refugees In recent years, the European Union has received an increase in immigrants and refugees, especially during the period beginning in 2015 known as the European refugee crisis. Factors influencing this increased immigration to Europe include violence, drought, and poverty in source countries. The EU country hosting the highest number of refugees right now is Germany, with over 970,000 people. 
 The statistic shows the percentage of U.S. population receiving benefits through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP, formerly called Food Stamps) in 2011, by state. About 20 percent of the population in Oregon is receiving benefits through the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. 
 This statistic illustrates the voter turnout for general elections held in Germany from 1949 to 2017. In the most recent election, preliminary results show voter turnout to amount to 76.2 percent of the voter population. An increase compared to the election held four years ago at 71.5 percent voter turnout. 
 This statistic shows the number of planned nuclear reactors worldwide as of May 2019, by country. There were two nuclear power reactors planned in Iran. The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is the first nuclear power plant operating here. Nuclear reactors planned worldwideAs of May 2019, China and Russia have the largest number of planned nuclear reactors, totaling 43 and 24 reactors, respectively. Globally, both countries have a relatively high number of functioning nuclear reactors compared to other nations. In May 2019, the United States reported the highest number of functioning reactors, namely 98, followed by France with 58 reactors. In 2017, almost 72 percent of France’s electricity production was generated by nuclear power. About 40 percent of France’s population believes that nuclear energy use has more disadvantages than advantages. Formerly called atomic piles, nuclear reactors are used to start and control a nuclear chain reaction in power plants. The heat from the reaction is transferred to a working fluid which in turn, runs through turbines for both electricity generation and ship propulsion. Nuclear reactors can also be used in the creation of isotopes for medical or industrial purposes, as well as for weapons production. Early efforts to prevent nuclear proliferation began with government secrecy and have since evolved under the International Atomic Energy Agency founded by the United Nations. Nuclear reactor construction was much more widespread in the 1970s and peaked in 1976, when 42 reactors were being built globally. In 2017, there were four nuclear reactor construction starts worldwide. As of 2017, most operating reactors around the world have been running for 30 years or even longer. 
 This statistic shows the net revenue of Intel from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, Intel's revenue amounted to approximately 72 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic illustrates the leading five importing countries of wine into the United Kingdom (UK) in 2018, ranked by import value. Italy ranked highest, with wine imports valuing approximately 697 million British pounds, followed by France accounting for 680 million British pounds worth of UK imports. Imports of wine to the UK predominantly come from the European Union, with the majority of consumers drinking wine on a weekly basis. Household purchases of table wine are currently experiencing a decreasing trend in favor of increased champagne and sparkling wine purchases. White wine makes up the majority of wine sales based on color, with pinot grigio the preferred variety of wine amongst wine-drinking adults. 
 In 2017, Burkina Faso had the highest unemployment rate in the world, at 77 percent. This means that for every 100 members of the workforce, 77 did not have jobs at the time of the survey. Of the 20 countries in this statistic, each had a ratio of more than 1 in 4 workers without a job. What exactly is unemployment? The unemployment rate is the number of people in the workforce divided by the number of people looking for jobs but not working. This number does not include students and retirees, because they are not looking for work. It also does not include people who have given up on finding a job, called discouraged workers. Youth unemployment can be particularly troubling because a gap in employment early in a person’s career leads to lower wages for that person’s entire life. Causes of unemployment in less developed countries A major driver in unemployment in these countries is conflict. In particular, internally displaced persons (IDPs) want to work, but moving to another part of the country disrupts their business network and moves them into a local economy with different labor demand. Countries with low levels of economic development, as roughly indicated by a low GDP per capita, often have fewer labor market opportunities, leading to high unemployment rates. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the resident population of Canada, distinguished by province in 2019. In 2019, the median age of the Canadian population stood at 40.8 years. 
 Between the first half of 2010 and the first half of 2015, electricity prices for households in the Netherlands saw a relatively steady increase in prices, rising to 19.86 kilowatt hours. This was despite prices in 2014 dropping. In the years following 2015, prices began to decline, but by the second half of 2018 had increased again to 17.07 cents per kilowatt-hour, before reaching a peak of 20.52 cents per kilowatt-hour in the first half of 2019. Annual electricity bills Compared to other European countries such as Denmark, Germany and neighboring Belgium, households in the Netherlands paid a relatively low amount for electricity in 2018. In this year, the average price per kilowatt hour was 0.18 U.S. dollars. Prices are consistently higher for households with an annual consumption of 2,500 kWh to 5,000 kWh, compared with those with a consumption of up to 2,499 kWh. Electricity quality Households in the Netherlands enjoy some of the highest quality electricity supplies in the world. In the 2017/2018 the electricity supply had an index score of 6.8. Only Norway and Singapore ranked higher. 
 The unemployment rate in Singapore fell to around 3.62 percent in 2019 from 3.77 percent in the year before. For many economies, this would be considered overemployment, but Singapore may have a lower natural unemployment rate than other economies. What’s wrong with overemployment? When there are not enough workers, firms are forced to hire anyone who is available. This means that employers may not select the best applicants but rather anyone who applies. This leads to lower productivity, because workers are not finding the job for which they are best suited. Companies may also have to offer wages that are so high that they also lead to a rise in prices and thus, to a higher inflation. Singapore may be different Singapore has a small, open economy. It has the highest gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the region, indicating that it is an advanced economy. This is largely due to the small population, which is almost entirely urban. As such, its workforce may be better matched to employer needs, which would reduce the natural level of unemployment. 
 In 2018, there were around 674 million social media users in China. Despite Facebook, YouTube, and Twitter being blocked in the country, local social networking sites such as Tencent WeChat and Weibo have been attracting millions of users, making China the world’s biggest social media market. What is the role of social media in China? Around 60 percent of the Chinese population use internet. Social networking plays a huge role among netizens, especially the younger generation. Chinese social media, just like Western equivalents, not only serves as a way to communicate online, but also as one of the main sources of news and entertainment, shopping advisors, dating channels, and e-payments. In 2017, over 60 percent of surveyed social media users said they mostly appreciated that social networks help them to keep in touch with friends and family, but also widen their knowledge and awareness of what is going on in the world. At the same time, over 40 percent complained that social media keeps them away from reading printed books or newspapers and allows less time for sleep. What are the most popular social media platforms? WeChat (Weixin in Chinese) is by far the most commonly seen social app in the country, used for anything from texting/calling to photo and video sharing, dating, financial services, game-playing, shopping, ride hailing, and so on. However, Chinese social media scene is quite diverse and dynamic, therefore, it is not just about WeChat. Instant messaging app Tencent QQ, microblogging site Sina Weibo, video sharing app Youku Tudou, short-form video app Douyin (aka TikTok), photo editing and sharing app Meitu, restaurant recommendation and food ordering platform Meituan-Dianping, Quora equivalent Zhihu, and dating app Momo are just a few among the most popular Chinese social media examples. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees of Polo Ralph Lauren worldwide from 2009 to 2019. The New York-based fashion company Polo Ralph Lauren had approximately 24,300 employees worldwide as of 2019.Ralph Lauren CorporationThe company began in 1967 and is an internationally renowned brand. The company got its start by selling creatively designed neckties. Today, the Ralph Lauren Corporation is an upscale American lifestyle company and fashion retailer that focuses on high-end clothes for men and women, as well as accessories, footwear, fragrances, home (bedding, towels) and house wares. The company is considered to be one of the biggest apparel/accessories companies in the world, generating sales over six billion U.S. dollars.As part of its business, Ralph Lauren operates through three segments: Wholesale, Retail, and Licensing. It generates wholesale sales from major department stores and specialty stores located throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin America. The company also sells directly to consumers through retail stores located throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin America; through concession-based shop-within-shops located primarily in Asia and Europe; and via its retail e-commerce channel in North America, Europe, and Asia. Ralph Lauren also licenses to unrelated third parties the right to operate retail stores and to use its trademarks in connection with making and selling designated products, such as apparel, eyewear, and fragrances in specified geographical areas for specified periods. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Switzerland from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Switzerland amounted to around 8.48 million people. See the figures for the population of Italy for comparison. Economy of Switzerland Switzerland maintains one of the most stable economies and has been revered as the most secure banking and investment safe haven in the world. The country is viewed as not only one of the most economically advanced countries, but also one of the most politically respected countries, primarily due to having exceptionally good relations with the majority of countries around the world. Despite being affected by recessions in the early and late 2000s, Switzerland sustained a sufficient economy through competent leadership, most notably when considering the amount of money the government spent in comparison to the amount of revenues earned from goods and services. Many countries around the world suffered economically due to overspending, which often indirectly led to higher unemployment rates. However, Switzerland sustained a relatively balanced and low unemployment rate through the years through adequate government spending as well as a high percentage of skilled workers occupying the country’s workforce. A strong economy, beautiful nature and overall distinctive cultures have made Switzerland one of the most visited tourist countries in the world. Additionally, Switzerland is also a relatively popular country to visit for business meetings due to its centralized location and well renowned reputation. 
 This statistic shows the leading 25 retailers selling baked products as the primary element of their food offering in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2016, ranked by number of outlets. In 2016, Subway ranked highest with 2,097 outlets in the UK, followed closely by Costa with 2,000 outlets. Similar trends are seen in the number of new outlets opened by leading bakery retailers in the past year. Specialized stores for the selling of bread and bakery products have remained fairly steady over the years, although there have been increases in production value for British manufacturers. While the bakery industry in the United Kingdom is predominantly industrial rather than artisanal, craft bakeries also play a role as artisanal products regain popularity. 
 This statistic gives information on the daily number of photo messages created by Snapchat users. As of the third quarter of 2017, users of the mobile photo messaging app were sending over 3.5 billion snaps each day, up from 2.5 billion daily snaps in the third quarter of 2016. 
 When it comes to audience reach, the messaging app Line reigns supreme among social network users in Japan. While globally leading networks such as Twitter, Instagram or Facebook do get their fair share of popularity within the Japanese social media market, Line’s audience reach is on average more than twice as high as those of other platforms, peaking at approximately 80 million monthly actives users in Japan during the first quarter of 2019. What makes Line so popular? The success story of messaging service Line, a Japanese subsidiary of South Korean internet powerhouse Naver, started back in 2011 during the Great East Japan Earthquake. While most conventional communication channels had broken down due to power failures, official sources as well as private individuals turned to online options for communicating news and confirming the safety of friends and family members. The app was released for public use later that year, appealing greatly to Japanese consumers due to its unique and customizable design, allowing both private and business usage simultaneously. Line’s annual revenue rose from under seven billion Japanese yen in fiscal year 2012 to over 207 billion yen in fiscal 2018, laying down the company’s major success in numbers. How do Japanese use social networks? Compared to its neighboring countries, the Japanese market has a relatively low social network penetration rate of only 61 percent, being noticeably outpaced by Taiwan with 89 and South Korea with 85 percent audience reach. As of January 2019, internet users in Japan spent an average of 4.8 hours per day consuming digital content, with young Japanese aged 18 to 34 using up to six hours of their time every day for online media consumption, including social networks. Leading reasons for using social media among younger generations are the convenience of gathering and sharing information, as well as connecting with friends and colleagues. 
 Online shoppers have a wide range of payment methods to choose from and during a March 2017 survey of global online shoppers, 42 percent of respondents stated that they preferred to pay via credit card. Credit cards were the most popular payment method, ahead of electronic options such as PayPal. Digital payments Digital and mobile payments have been around for a while but not all shoppers have taken to them equally. Whereas some Asian markets are leading in terms of digital and especially mobile payment adoption, North American audiences have been slower on the uptake. As of the fourth quarter of 2019, 47 percent of online users in Asia Pacific have used a payment service on their mobile phone in the past month. However, only 29 percent of online users in North America had done the same. Currently, the most popular digital payment method accepted by North American retailers was Apple Pay. PayPal ranked fifth with a 36 percent acceptance rate among North American retailers. Digital transactions 2018 data shows that eWallets accounted for over half of e-commerce transaction volume in Asia Pacific. Latin American consumers preferred credit cards, and bank transfers were particularly popular in Europe. 
 This statistic depicts the number of offshore rigs worldwide as of January 2018, sorted by region. At that point, there were 184 offshore rigs in the North Sea. Offshore rigs worldwide The North Sea and the Gulf of Mexico (United States) are home to many offshore rigs, totaling 184 rigs and 175 rigs, respectively as of January 2018. Offshore oil rigs enable producers to extract and process oil and natural gas through drilled wells. Rigs can also store the extracted products before being transported to land for refining and marketing. There are several different types of offshore rigs for use in both large lakes and oceans such as fixed platforms that are anchored directly onto the seabed by concrete or steel legs and tension-leg platforms that float but remain in place by being tethered to the seabed. Nevertheless, there are some risks involved with the operation of offshore drilling, including explosions and fires. Pemex (NOC) and Saudi Aramco (NOC) operate many of the world’s offshore oil and gas rigs with 45 units and 44 units, respectively. Transocean Ltd., a Swiss company, is one of the largest offshore drilling contractors. In 2016, the company generated an estimated 3.89 billion U.S. dollars in revenue, but is expected to decrease its earnings to 2.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Globally, the number of oil platforms is expected to rise from 389 units in 2010 to just short of 500 in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the most used instant messaging services on mobile phones in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2013. In 2013, 50 percent of the respondents used Whatsapp most on their mobile phone. The second most common result is Facebook Messenger (42 percent). WhatsApp is a well established instant messaging service mostly used by mobile phone owners between the age of 18 and 29. However, all age groups are utilizing this messaging service at some level. Snapchat is definitely less popular than WhatsApp as can be seen in this statistic. However, still more than half of all 18 to 29 year olds are using Snapchat in the UK. Mobile messaging retail revenue of operators has seen a steady continuous decrease from 2010 to 2015. This is in direct correlation with the rising use of instant messaging services that run through the internet instead of through the mobile network operators. 
 This graph shows the top 50 metropolitan areas of the United States with the highest rape rate in 2018. In 2018, Anchorage in Alaska was ranked first with 200.1 offences of rape per 100,000 inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Turkey from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Turkey amounted to about 82 million people. Population of Turkey Although total population increased on a yearly basis from 2004 to 2014, population growth has slowly decreased annually as of 2011, despite remaining positive. However, in 2012, population growth increased, compared to the previous year for the first time in over a decade. The country’s fertility rate, on the other hand, continued to drop annually since 2002. Life expectancy was also rather low, however this value appears to be irrelative to how developed a country actually is, especially when considering the life expectancy of many other advanced countries. From an economic standpoint, Turkey has been noticeably improving, especially in comparison to 2008. One improved aspect can be found in the country’s employment rate. In 2009, unemployment reached a decade high but dropped dramatically yearly until 2012. However since 2012, the unemployment rate has started to increase again, with this trend continuing into 2014. Turkey’s inflation rate, on the other hand, reached a decade low in 2014 compared to 2013, despite continuous fluctuations since 2008. The country’s GDP has also reached a decade high in 2014, more than doubling its value since 2004, despite a significant plunge in 2009. When analyzing year-over -year trends, GDP has continued to positively grow since 2009, however has slowed down since 2012. 
 There were 316 fire-related fatalities in Great Britain during 2018/19, 84 fewer than occurred in 2017/18 when there were 400. In the early 2000s, the annual number of fire fatalities was consistently over 500, with numbers gradually falling throughout that decade. In 2011/12 the number of fatalities related to fire fell below 400 for the first time, and with the exception of 2017/18 remained below 300 for the rest of the 2010s. Less fatalities but more incidents Although there has been a net decrease in the number of incidents attended by fire and rescue services in the United Kingdom since 2010/11 the current trend from 2014/15 onwards has been one of increase. In 2018/19 there were over half a million incidents attended in England, over 92 thousand in Scotland and almost 37 thousand in Wales. Northern Ireland had the least number of incidents attended at around 24.6 thousand. Cuts to budgets and staff numbers Since peaking at over 55.6 thousand workers in 2010 there has been a marked decline in the number of fire and rescue workers in England, with the service losing over 10 thousand workers by 2019. In a similar time period the expenditure on fire-protection services in the United Kingdom fell from 3.1 billion in 2009/10, to around 2.7 billion in 2016/17. 
 In 2018, the infant mortality rate in the United States was 5.6 out of every 1,000 births. This is a significant decrease from 1990, when infant mortality was at 9.4 deaths out of every 1,000s births. What is Infant Mortality? The infant mortality rate is the number of deaths of babies under the age of one per 1,000 live births. There are many causes for infant mortality, which include birth defects, low birth weight, pregnancy complications, and sudden infant death syndrome. In order to decrease the high rates of infant mortality, there needs to be an increase in education and medicine so babies and mothers can receive the proper treatment needed. Maternal mortality is also related to infant mortality. If mothers can attend more prenatal visits and have more access to healthcare facilities, maternal mortality can decrease, and babies have a better chance of surviving in their first year. Worldwide Infant Mortality Rates Infant mortality rates vary worldwide; however, some areas are more affected than others. Afghanistan suffered from the highest infant mortality rate in 2017, and the following 19 countries all came from Africa. On the other hand, Monaco had the lowest infant mortality rate that year. High infant mortality rates can be attributed to lack of sanitation, technological advancements, and proper natal care. In the United States, New Hampshire had the lowest infant mortality rate while Mississippi had the highest in 2018. Overall, the number of neonatal and post neonatal deaths in the United States has been steadily decreasing since 1995. 
 The electric bike market is expected to reach almost 24 billion U.S. dollars in 2025. This translates into a CAGR of between four and five percent over this period. Shaking off the bad rep Electric bicycles continue to enjoy a surge in popularity; what was once seen as very unfashionable is now becoming a common sight, from rural areas to modern cities. The power-assisted form of the common bicycle has supposedly been able to attract users who previously would not have wished to cycle, i.e. those who may have struggled with hills without the extra power or commuters who preferred an easy drive to work. Once hesitant users go for a ride, their perception of cycling tends to turn positive, and yet, the sudden acceptance of electric bicycles has also been attributed to the fact that professional athletes are heaping praise on electric bike. Considering that e-bikes sell for more than four times the price of traditional bicycles, it is an investment that should be made use of. Large markets across the globe The Asia Pacific is the largest e-bike market, but the European market did grow substantially with EU sales doubling by 2016 to reach nearly 1.7 million units. Although some countries within Europe hit the craze earlier than others, such as the Netherlands, there was a distinct boom in 2016 across many European countries. In the United States, only 17 percent of citizens knew what an e-bike was in 2017, but electric bicycles are predicted to break into the U.S. market eventually, with 280,000 unites predicted to be sold in 2024. 
 Switzerland has one of the highest natural gas prices in the world at about 73.5 U.S. dollars per megawatt hour in 2018; in comparison, the natural gas price in the United States was about 13.9 U.S. dollars per megawatt hour. Determining natural gas prices Like other commodities, natural gas prices are driven by supply and demand trends. It may also be dependent on the crude oil and petroleum markets. In the United States, natural gas prices were typically associated with oil prices, but the market has decoupled from oil markets in recent years. In the U.S., the natural gas market is split between the financial (futures) market, based on the NYMEX futures contract, and the physical market, based on the price paid for deliveries of natural gas. Natural gas demand Global primary energy demand from natural gas is highest in the United States and Europe. Globally, only a small portion of demand is for power generation, and is rather used by industry, buildings, and transport among other industries. The world’s largest natural gas consumers are the United States, Russia, and China. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the St. Louis / Los Angeles Rams from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Los Angeles Rams was 71,229. The franchise moved to Los Angeles before the 2016 season. 
 The United Kingdom is home to some 32.5 million passenger cars. After slowly increasing over the past years, figures reached their peak in 2018, with UK roads busier than ever before. The only noticeable decline – apart from 2014 when the source changed – was seen in 2009 during the recession. The South East has the greatest motor vehicle density of any UK region. 5.21 million cars were licensed there by the end of 2018. Most common car models The Ford Fiesta is the most ubiquitous car model on British roads. By the end of 2018, there were some 1.5 million models of the U.S. produced car registered in the UK. The greatest number of cars in the country are small compact cars, like the Fiesta. The only SUV model among the first ten entries is Nissan Qashqai, which is manufactured at the Japanese company’s Sunderland, North East plant. Number of cars owned The majority of car owners in the UK have one car available to them. As of 2018, 53 percent of motorists had one vehicle in their household. Only one percent of respondents owned five cars or more. 
 As of June 2019, Amazon's market capitalization was 875.21 billion U.S. dollars, making the company the most valuable U.S.-based internet company by market capitalization. Second-ranked Alphabet had a market cap of 824.67 billion U.S. dollars. Internet companies generate their revenue through various means. Google, for instance, makes use of its advertisement services such as Google AdWords – which takes advantage of Google searches and appear as small advertisements next to search results – and Google AdSense which generates advertisements based on a user’s search history and location, among others. Advertisements based on AdSense appear all across Google-owned sites including YouTube and Google Finance. The online company also profits from the development of Android OS, licensing and mobile apps as well as the recent development of hardware such as the Nexus mobile device series and Google Glass. In 2018, Google’s total revenue amounted to 136.22 billion US dollars. Social network Facebook is ranked third. It is the leading social network worldwide and has successfully managed to take advantage of the increasingly mobile online environment. In 2019, mobile accounted for 92 percent of Facebook's advertising revenues and is projected to amount to more than 60 billion U.S. dollars in 2021. Amazon.com, the largest U.S. internet company based on its market capitalization, generates in profit from its position as the world’s largest online retailer; in 2018, the company’s net revenue was of some 232.89 billion US dollars. 
 The number of house sales in England and Wales has remained stable over the previous years. House sales volumes can be affected by several factors, including mortgage rates, house prices, supply and demand as well as the overall health of the market. In the United Kingdom home ownership rates are one of the lowest in Europe. House prices Between July 2017 and July 2018, the average house price in England increased by over seven thousand British pounds. During the same time the twelve month percentage change in house prices for the United Kingdom increased by just three percent, a noticeable slow-down compared with the previous four years. Mortgage interest rates helps buyers’ interest Compared with other European countries the average mortgage interest rates in The United Kingdom sit somewhere in the middle. Gross mortgage lending in 2017 amounted to almost 260 billion British pounds in the UK. 
 In December 2019, the diesel price per liter in the United States stood at 0.807 U.S. dollars per liter. In the United Kingdom in the same month, the price stood at 1.704 U.S. dollars per liter. This data concerns the price of automotive diesel (for non-commercial use) per liter in selected countries. The prices concern (non-commercial use) unleaded premium (95 RON) automotive diesel for France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom, and regular unleaded diesel for Canada, Japan, and the United States. Diesel price fluctuations Between Spain, Germany, France, United Kingdom, Italy, Japan, the U.S. and Canada, there is a lack of consistency in the monthly change in the price of automotive diesel. Spain’s prices increased 5.1 percent between December 2019 and December 2018. Canada’s prices also increased, around 5.2 percent. Diesel fuel in the United States The monthly retail price of diesel fuel in the U.S. has had slight fluctuations since March 2018. In July 2018, one gallon of fuel got 3.23 U.S. dollars. In December 2019, the price decreased to 3.06 U.S. dollars, however this pattern remains inconsistent. Crude oil accounts for, on average, about 40 to 50 percent of the share of the total cost of diesel in the U.S. Texas sold the highest volume of diesel and alternative fuel of any state in 2018. That year, they sold about 5.91 billion gallons of diesel. 
 This statistic shows the year-over-year growth of holiday retail sales in the United States from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, holiday retail sales were forecast to grow by approximately four percent compared to the previous year. Holiday Season in the United States The holiday season is just around the corner and it’s truly the best time of the year for both consumers and retailers of all shapes and sizes. Since the recession in 2008, Christmas holiday retail sales in the United States have grown steadily. In 2018, Christmas retail sales were forecast to grow to about 729.3 billion U.S. dollars; a fourpercent increase from the previous year. The amount of money that U.S. consumers plan to spend on gifts has fluctuated year to year. A survey revealed that 41 percent of Millennial U.S. holiday shoppers planned on researching online before visiting a store in 2017. Black Friday is also the day most Millennials plan to begin their holiday shopping; roughly 50 percent according to a Statista survey. For millions of people, Black Friday is the time to do some serious Christmas shopping -- even before the last of the Thanksgiving leftovers are gone! It is the Friday after Thanksgiving, and it is one of the major shopping days of the year in the United States -falling anywhere between November 23 and 29. While it is not recognized as an official U.S. holiday, many employees have the day off -except those working in retail. Ever since the start of the modern Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in 1924, the Friday after Thanksgiving has been known as the unofficial start to a bustling holiday shopping season. 
 Since 2005, the gross minimum wage per hour in France has been gradually increasing. In June 2005, the gross minimum wage per hour in France amounted to 8.03 euros. Fourteen years later the hourly minimum wage increased by two euros, reaching 10.03 euros. In 2017, France had an average annual wage higher than countries like Spain and Italy, but lower than those in Germany or in the United Kingdom. Minimum wage is increasing For years now, wages in France have been increasing progressively. In 2013 the gross minimum wage per month in France was of 1,430.22 euros, compared to 1,521.22 euros in 2019. Thus, the average annual wage in France rose since the beginning of the 2000’s despite the 2008 financial crisis. However, in a survey from 2019, most of the responding French stated that they were not really satisfied with their current salary. The issue of purchasing power In recent years purchasing power has become one of most worrying issues of households in France. In 2015, a large majority of French perceived their purchasing power as decreasing, while four years later it became one of the main the causes of the Yellow Vests protests in the country. Studies have shown that the purchasing power in the country reached its lowest level between 2010 and 2014. Household expenditure doubled since 1990, while 52.4 percent of French middle-income households stated having difficulties to make ends meet in 2017. 
 This statistic shows U.S. shale gas production between 1999 and 2017, with projections until 2050. In 2050, the United States is expected to produce around 35.24 trillion cubic feet of shale gas. According to the source, shale gas refers to natural gas that is trapped within shale formations. U.S. shale gas production - additional information The production of shale gas in the United States has increased dramatically since 2000 from about 300 billion cubic feet to 16.54 trillion cubic feet in 2016, and is expected to reach about 33.4 trillion cubic feet in 2050. Shale gas is a natural gas found within shale formations, a type of fine-grained sedimentary rock. High oil and gas prices, as well as recent developments in oil and gas extraction - like horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing (fracking) - have made shale gas economically viable to produce. WTI crude oil prices is now about 59.9 U.S. dollars and its price fluctuations may heavily impact the fracking boom. It is expected that shale gas production will be concentrated primarily in regions such as Northeastern United States and the Gulf Coast, reaching some five trillion cubic feet and 4.4 trillion cubic feet, respectively, of production in 2035. Direct income from shale gas production-related labor is also expected to increase in the next few decades, reaching 41.9 billion U.S. dollars by 2035. The vast presence of U.S. shale gas production will allow for continued domestic use of natural gas. The Huron Shale, located in Kentucky, West Virginia, and Virginia cost approximately 1.7 million U.S. dollars, comparatively, Mexico’s Mexico Shale cost about 15.1 million U.S. dollars. However, the process of fracking has become a widely debated issue due to its environmental impacts, most notably, its water usage and its impact on aquatic ecosystems. In the United Kingdom, almost half of the citizens believed that using fracking to extract shale gas would eventually have a positive effect on the nation’s economy. 
 Social network Twitter is particularly popular in the United States, where as of January 2020, the microblogging service had audience reach of 59.35 million users. Japan and the United Kingdom were ranked second and third with 45.75 and 16.7 million users respectively. Global Twitter usage As of the fourth quarter of 2019, Twitter had 152 million monetizable daily active users worldwide. The most-followed Twitter accounts include celebrities such as Katy Perry, Justin Bieber and former U.S. president Barack Obama. Twitter and politics Twitter has become an increasingly relevant tool in domestic and international politics. The platform has become a way to promote policies and interact with citizens and other officials, and most world leaders and foreign ministries have an official Twitter account. Current U.S. president Donald Trump is known to be a prolific Twitter user, but opinions are divided on the appropriateness of his behavior on the platform. During an August 2018 survey, 61 percent of respondents stated that Trump's use of Twitter as President of the United States was inappropriate. 
 British online fashion retailer ASOS plc is amongst the leading apparel brands with the highest brand value worldwide, ranking alongside retailers who sell both online and in-store. In the six-year period between 2012 and 2019, ASOS quadrupled its worldwide revenue and reached 2.73 billion British pounds as can be seen in this statistic. Asos wins over the EU market ASOS’s revenue growth is paralleled with its expansion of its shopper base. Even though the UK remains to be the most lucrative region where ASOS generates the highest retail sales, the British fashion e-retailer increased its activity in the EU market at an impressive rate. In the fiscal year 2017/2018, ASOS recorded significant growth on the previous year in retail sales across European Union and stood out amongst other key markets. ASOS remains online-only In the current fashion retail environment where many high street retailers are going multichannel, ASOS still persists in its pureplay strategy. In 2018, asos.com net e-commerce sales in the UK put the multi-brand retailer in the same league with brick and mortar retailers’ online platforms with over 1 billion British pounds worth of net sales in the fashion segment. 
 This statistic shows the annual sales of state lotteries in the United States from 2009 to 2016. In 2016, sales of state lotteries reached approximately 80.55 billion U.S. dollars, up from 73.87 billion the previous year. In 2016, the state with the highest lottery sales was New York, with around 9.7 billion U.S. dollars in sales. In the same year, state lotteries transferred a profit of 22.57 billion U.S. dollars to state and local governments. 
 In 2019, Turkey had the world’s largest reserves of natural graphite, at approximately 90 million metric tons. Graphite is a native element mineral and a semimetal, comprised of a crystalline allotrope of carbon. One of its well-known uses is as the 'lead' in pencils. Global graphite production World graphite production has recently decreased. In 2019, the total worldwide production of graphite amounted to 1.1 million metric tons, a decrease from the 2016 total of 1.15 million metric tons. In the past decade, China has consistently been the leading global graphite producer. In 2019, they produced an estimated 700,000 metric tons. Following China was Mozambique in a distant second place, with a production volume estimated at 100,000 metric tons that year. Global graphite market The global market value of graphite is expected to continue increasing. In 2016, the global market value of graphite was 12.5 billion U.S. dollars. It grew to 17.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, and is projected to increase to more than 27 billion U.S. dollars by 2025. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi (EUR CNY), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the early days of the euro in 2001 up until 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: this denotes concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2001 and 2007, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi noted an overall increase. In 2007, the euro to Chinese Yuan Renminbi annual average exchange rate was equal to 10.42, which meant that one euro could buy 10.42 Chinese Yuan Renminbi. By 2019, this value had decreased overall, to a value of 7.74, which meant that one euro could buy 7.74 Chinese Yuan Renminbi. 
 The most recent report of the Italian Ministry of the Interior reveals that between August 2018 and July 2019, 307 murders were committed in Italy. The number of homicides was lower in comparison to the murders registered in the previous years. Overall, more than 2.24 million criminal acts were reported in Italy between August 2017 and July 2018. Femicide Femicide, a homicide in which a woman is killed for gender-based reasons, poses a serious problem around the world. In 2018, roughly one in six Italians believed that femicide was on the rise. Women, victims of homicide, are often related to the culprit; in 2016, more than a half of female victims was killed by the partner or ex-partner, whereas 22.1 percent was murdered by another relative. Crime in Italy In 2016, the most common crime in Italy was theft – the police reported roughly 1.35 million cases of this delinquency to the juridical authority, with the highest theft rate in the provinces of Rimini and Milan. 
 This statistic shows the total number of emigrants from Canada from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, approximately 61,815 people emigrated from Canada to another country. At this time, the majority of emigrants from Canada came from the province of Ontario, accounting for around 27,070 emigrants, whereas 12,478 emigrants came from British Columbia, the second largest number of any province. 
 Dell’s market share of PC shipments worldwide remained above 16% for the entire year of 2019, making Dell the number three PC vendor in the world following Lenovo (25%) and Hewlett Packard (23%). Of the total global personal computer unit shipments of around 261 million in 2018, Dell was responsible for almost 44 million. Top vendors increase share in shrinking market Since reaching a high of more than 360 million units shipped in 2011, the PC market has declined every year since then and is forecast to decline even further. However, major vendors like Dell, Lenovo, and HP have managed to keep their unit sales steady and managed to increase their market share in this period of declining shipments. One reason for declining shipments was the shortage of Intel's central processing units (CPUs), which caused difficulties for vendors’ supply chains and inventories. The top three vendors succeeded in recovering by absorbing the costs by quickly switching to alternative component retailers, while smaller competitors have struggled. This enabled the leading vendors to stay competitive in terms of sales price amid these growing costs. Shifting to the cloud based world The market is also experiencing a long-term fundamental shift from on-premise hardware to cloud solutions. As a response, Dell Technologies has advanced efforts in cloud infrastructure solutions to simplify hybrid cloud settings through its company VMware, a cloud computing and software virtualization company currently worth 65 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The gross domestic product (GDP) of Bangladesh grew to 288 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. This is an increase of about 80 billion U.S. dollars since 2014, and this growth is projected to continue at least until 2024. Contributing factors Bangladesh is largely an export economy with a consistently negative trade balance. Much of its exports are manufactured goods, most notably garments. These goods are labor-intensive, and Bangladesh’s low wages make the country an attractive target for foreign direct investment. What does this mean for the Bangladeshi people? Bangladesh has a large population, roughly twice that of Germany. As such, GDP per capita is still low compared to global averages. However, a rapid increase in GDP per capita usually indicates a higher level of development, driving increases in many aspects of the people’s lives. For example, a more developed health care system leads to a considerably lower infant mortality rate. In a wider sense, this means lifting millions of people out of poverty. 
 This statistic shows the number of Olive Garden restaurants in North America from 2000 to 2019. At the end of the 2019 fiscal year, there were 866 Olive Garden restaurants in North America. Olive Garden is owned by Darden Restaurants. 
 Dollar General has had explosive growth over the survey period, nearly doubling their store count from 8,194 to 15,370 in 2018. In fact, Dollar General had the most store locations of any retailer in America in 2017. Over the same time period, the corporation’s sales jumped from 9.5 billion to over 25 billion U.S. dollars. Dollar General started as a family-owned business called J.L. Turner in 1939. In 1968, the company changed its name to Dollar General and was listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Dollar store controversy Following the 2008 recession, Dollar General expanded rapidly, primarily in economically depressed areas. The company, along with other major dollar store chains, claimed to fill a niche in these communities where the closest grocery store might either be too far or have prices too high for customers. Critics say dollar stores are driving out full-service grocery stores and local businesses, exacerbating economic decline and offering a narrow selection of food with lower nutritional value. Groceries lead sales Looking at the merchandise sales of Dollar General, it is indeed the consumables category that is the company’s biggest earner, and its sales are outpacing the rest of the company’s offerings. In 2009, consumables accounted for 70 percent of sales, in 2018 that share had risen to 77 percent. 
 Inflation in Jamaica dropped to about 3.73 percent in 2018, meaning that a group of goods that cost 100 Jamaican dollars in 2018 would cost 103.73 Jamaican dollars in 2019. This rate dropped from 8.3 percent in 2014 and was forecast to stay around 5 percent in the medium term. Inflation and growth After adjusting for inflation, the growth rate in Jamaica’s economy has been relatively slow over the past few years. This is an issue for the island because its gross domestic product per capita indicates a moderate level of development. This suggests that the people would benefit from a higher level of growth. Developmental economists often call this “catch-up” growth, a period of relatively rapid growth that occurs because the economy develops to the level of other countries that have fully realized their economic potential under modern levels of technology and trade. Effects of inflation Inflation is often associated with a corresponding increase in unemployment. In developed economies, central bankers worry about the tradeoff between higher inflation and higher unemployment. For Jamaica, more inflation may be the lesser of two evils. Since the Jamaican dollar is not pegged to any other currency, inflation also weakens the currency. For a country so heavily reliant on foreign currencies through tourism, this actually makes Jamaica a more attractive destination because tourists’ U.S. dollars or euros are worth more in relative terms. 
 This graph depicts Activision Blizzard's net annual revenue from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, Activision's annual revenue amounted to 7.15 billion U.S. dollars. Activision Blizzard publishes games such as Call of Duty, Guitar Hero, StarCraft and World of Warcraft. Alongside WoW that continues to successfully sell new expansions packs for the game, Call of Duty is another profitable title carried by Activision. The franchise has sold millions of copies in its long lifetime. As for Activision itself, the company managed to secure a spot in a ranking of leading global companies in 2017, based on gaming revenue. 
 This statistic provides information on the share of the global population using Facebook as of June 2017, by region. As of that period, North America had the highest active Facebook usage rate with 72.4 percent of the population accessing the social network. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 32.99 U.S. dollars. MLB average ticket price – additional information The average ticket price in the Major League Baseball has consistently grown over the years. Spectators paid an average of 22.21 U.S. dollars to watch a MLB game in 2006. In 2019, the average ticket price stood at 32.99 U.S. dollars. The average annual revenue per team has consistently risen at a healthy pace as well, going from around 170 million U.S. dollars in 2006 to more than 330 million U.S. dollars in 2018. The ticketing revenue, on the other hand, has remained fairly consistent since 2009, varying between 2.25 to 2.8 billion U.S. dollars. Ticketing is a key revenue stream for the league. Its share of the total MLB revenue however has been declining since 2009, when tickets sales accounted for just over 38 percent of the league’s total revenue. In 2017, this figure is under 30 percent. The average ticket price per team varies greatly within the MLB. In 2019, the most expensive tickets - on average - were for the Chicago Cubs with an average price of 59.49 U.S. dollars. The Arizona Diamondbacks had the lowest average ticket price in MLB in 2019. The Boston Red Sox are the only other team with an average ticket price of more than 50 U.S. dollars. The Chicago Cubs also have the highest Fan Cost Index in the MLB, that is, the estimated costs for taking a family to a MLB game. A family of four would spent almost 370 U.S. dollars on tickets, refreshments and merchandise at a Chicago Cubs game in 2019. The Boston Red Sox also have the second highest Fan Cost Index, with per game expense of 354 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, Poland had an inflation rate of 1.6 percent compared to the previous year, a rate that is expected to increase slightly to above two percent in the next five years. Inflation is the rate at which the average price level of selected goods and services in an economy increases over a period of time, and therefore indicates a loss in purchasing power of the local currency. Poland’s economy in the fast lane Poland’s low inflation rate encourages fiscal responsibility on the part of the consumers and coupled with a strong growth in gross domestic product (GDP), the country’s economy is one of the fastest growing in the EU. Over 56 percent of Poland’s GDP comes from its services sector, which had an increase in its business confidence index over the last few years - another indicator of an economy on the rise. Poland and Germany in the EU Poland’s biggest import and export partner is its neighbor, Germany. Both countries are influential members of the European Union, a political and economic institution with about 16 percent of the worldwide GDP. They are both among the ten most populous countries of the EU, together claiming over a 100 million of the 512 million inhabitants in the EU. 
 Gross domestic product (GDP) of Venezuela fell to 143 billion U.S. dollars in 2017, down from a 2015 peak of 324 U.S. dollars. This downward trend is predicted to continue until 2021, for a total contraction of nearly 83 percent of the economy. Venezuela’s economic capacity Venezuela is famously the country with the largest oil reserves. However, mismanagement of the economy has led to several economic problems. Most notably, inflation has gotten out of control and has turned into hyperinflation. This represents a complete breakdown in people’s faith in the currency and, to a similar extent, the entire financial system. The Maduro Diet President Nicolás Maduro has largely been blamed for the economic situation in Venezuela. Many people have lost weight due to food shortages, which critics refer to as the “Maduro Diet”. In early 2019, opposition leader Juan Guaido declared the Maduro administration illegitimate, plunging the country into a constitutional crisis that divided the diplomatic world. Regardless of the outcome, Venezuela will still have to deal with high inflation, growing national debt, and challenges in infrastructure. 
 Amongst the three largest auto manufacturing groups based in Germany, Volkswagen Group produced the most revenue from worldwide operations in 2018 with almost 236 billion euros generated. The “Big Three” brands in Germany are often seen as Audi, Mercedes-Benz, and BMW. These brands are each owned by Volkswagen, Daimler, and BMW respectively. Germany's dependence on the auto industry German automotive manufacturing is one of the largest segments of the Germany’s economy. Revenue generated by German manufacturers of motor vehicles stands at 493 billion euros, which is equivalent to 15 percent of Germany's GDP. Add to that the contribution from auto suppliers, dealerships, and body shops. Due to their national workforce in German businesses, and source of tax revenue for the German government, this means that there is a high dependency on the automotive sector. Over 830,000 people are employed in Germany's motor vehicle manufacturing industry. Future auto risks To maintain the level of employment from the motor industry, there are hopes companies will invest in developing employment in sensor technologies, mobility-as-a-service, and digital technologies. Nearly 1 in 2 manufacturing jobs are at high risk of being lost to automation by 2030. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Chicago Cubs games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 59.49 U.S. dollars. 
How many daily active users does Facebook have? During the fourth quarter of 2019, Facebook reported almost 1.66 billion daily active users (DAU). Overall, daily active users accounted for 66 percent of monthly active users. Facebook audience reach With over 2.5 billion monthly active users, Facebook is the most popular social network worldwide. In its local market in the United States, Facebook accounts for over 45 percent of monthly social media visits. Facebook’s appeal is not only based on its social platform but also on its strong mobile integration and mobile messaging capabilities. Facebook Messenger, which was released as a standalone chat app in 2011, is one of the most popular mobile messenger apps worldwide. Facebook revenue In 2018, Facebook’s annual revenue amounted to close to 55.84 billion U.S. dollars, the majority of which was generated via advertising. Overall, the social network generated 92 percent of its annual revenue via mobile, illustrating Facebook’s symbiotic relationship with mobile social networking. Facebook’s mobile products The majority of social media usage growth is projected to come from mobile devices as emerging markets catch up with the rest of the world when it comes to online connectivity. Facebook is one of the leading non-gaming app publishers worldwide, generating almost 107 million app downloads via Google Play in June 2019. One of Facebook’s most popular apps is Facebook Lite, a lightweight version of its mobile app that is set to work well on slow internet connections and less powerful mobile devices. 
 The life expectancy for men aged 65 years in the U.S. has gradually increased since the 1960s. Now men in the United States aged 65 can expect to live 18 more years on average. Women aged 65 years can expect to live around 20.6 more years on average. Life expectancy in the U.S. As of 2017, the average life expectancy at birth in the United States was 78.54 years. Life expectancy in the U.S. had steadily increased for many years but has recently dropped slightly. Women consistently have a higher life expectancy than men but have also seen a slight decrease. As of 2017, a woman in the U.S. could be expected to live up to 81.1 years. Leading causes of death The leading causes of death in the United States include heart disease, cancer, unintentional injuries, chronic lower respiratory diseases and cerebrovascular diseases. However, heart disease and cancer account for around 44 percent of all deaths. Although heart disease and cancer are the leading causes of death for both men and women, there are slight variations in the leading causes of death among the genders. For example, unintentional injury and suicide account for a larger portion of deaths among men than they do among women. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the National Football League franchise, New England Patriots, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the franchise generated a revenue of 600 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the numbers of earthquakes worldwide from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, a total of 1,637 earthquakes with magnitude of five or more were recorded worldwide. Additional information on the effects of earthquakes While the technology used to find the source of and record earthquakes has improved since the 20th century, the ability of scientists to predict earthquakes is still severely limited. As earthquakes happen numerous times every day, the issue for policy makers and city planners isn't if an earthquake will occur, but how powerful it will be. Large earthquakes generally result in higher death tolls in developing countries or countries where building codes are less stringent. China has suffered from a number of strong earthquakes that have resulted in extremely high death tolls. While earthquakes occur around the globe along the various tectonic plate boundaries, a significant proportion occur around the basin of the Pacific Ocean in what is referred to as the Ring of Fire due to the high degree of tectonic activity. Many of the countries in the Ring of Fire, including Japan, Chile, the United States and New Zealand, led the way in earthquake policy and science as a result. The tragic loss of life is not the only major negative effect of earthquakes, a number of earthquakes have caused billions of dollars worth of damage to infrastructure and private property. The high cost of damage in the 2011 Fukushima and Christchurch earthquakes in Japan and New Zealand respectively demonstrates that even wealthy, developed countries who are experienced in dealing with earthquakes are ill-equipped when the large earthquakes hit. 
 Electricity prices for households in Italy saw an overall increase during this period, rising from 19.65 euro cents per kilowatt-hour to 23.01 euro cents. Between 2010 and 2015, there was a gradual increase in cost, peaking at 24.5 euro cents per kilowatt-hour. The following years experienced a steady decline, falling to 20.67 euro cents by the first half of 2018 before starting to rise again. High electricity prices The prices the average customer in Italy paid for electricity saw a lot of variation per quarter between 2014 and 2018. Despite seeing a decrease of approximately eight percent in the second quarter of 2018, the following quarters saw consecutive increases, with prices rising by almost eight percent at the end of the year. As of 2018, Italy paid some of the highest prices for electricity in the world. Pricing factors Factors such as the fuel used to generate energy plays a role in the prices paid for electricity. The country is mainly reliant on natural gas for its energy mix and it made up 45 percent of the total in 2017. Despite a reliance on gas, Italy produces very little natural gas itself and is dependent on imports. In fact, Italy is the second largest natural gas importer in Europe. The main natural gas exporters to Italy were Russia and Algeria in 2017. 
 In 2018/19 income tax receipts in the United Kingdom amounted to 191 billion British pounds, which when compared with 2000/01 was a net increase of 86 billion pounds. The amount which workers in the United Kingdom pay in income tax is determined by how much they earn and falls into four income tax bands. All workers in the United Kingdom are entitled to earn a personal allowance of 12.5 thousand pounds before they are charged income tax. The Basic rate of 20 percent applies to income between 12.5 and 50 thousand pounds, with a higher rate of 40 percent charged on incomes that are between 50 and 150 thousand pounds. There is also an additional rate for earnings over 150 thousand pounds which has a tax rate of 45 percent. UK Government spending The government of the United Kingdom aims to spend approximately 256 billion on Social Protection on 2018/19, the most of any spending category. This was followed by spending on health, education and defense, at 166, 103, and 52 billion pounds respectively. 
 This statistic shows the retail e-commerce sales compound annual growth rate from 2019 to 2023 in leading countries. According to Statista calculations, India will rank first in terms of B2C e-commerce development with a compound annual growth rate of 17.8 in the projected period. Online shopping is one of the most popular internet activities worldwide - with some product categories being more popular than others. 
 This statistic shows the Ukrainian inflation rate from 1994 to 2018 compared to the previous year, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ukraine's inflation rate increased by 10.95 percent compared to 2017. 
How many cattle are in the world? The global cattle population amounted to about 996.36 million head in 2018, down from over one billion cattle in 2014. Cows as livestock The domestication of cattle began as early as 10,000 to 5,000 years ago. From ancient times up to the present, cattle are bred to provide meat and dairy. Cattle are also employed as draft animals to plow the fields or transport heavy objects. Cattle hide is used for the production of leather, and dung for fuel and agricultural fertilizer. In 2018, India was home to the highest number of milk cows in the world. Cattle farming in the United States Cattle meat such as beef and veal is one of the most widely consumed types of meat across the globe, and is particularly popular in the United States. The United States is the top producer of beef and veal of any country worldwide, according to 2019 data. In that year, beef production in the United States reached 12.73 million metric tons. Beef production appears to be following a positive trend in the United States. More than 32 million cattle were slaughtered both commercially and in farms annually in the United States in 2017, up from 30.7 million in the previous year. 
 It was estimated that almost 39 percent of all beer sold in Canada was consumed by Canadians aged between 18 and 34 in 2019. Those aged between 35 and 49 were the second biggest consumer group, drinking over almost 30 percent of all beer sold in Canada. What types of beer do Canadians prefer? According to sales figures, canned beer is the most popular type of domestic beer across age groups in Canada. In 2018, 61.5 percent of all beer sold was canned beer; bottled beer and draught beer made up 30.6 and 7.9 percent of sales respectively. When it comes to Canadian vs. international beer, domestic beer clearly comes out on top with a share of 85 percent of all sales in the same year. The Canadian brewing industry The number of licensed breweries in Canada has risen year-on-year to reach 995 in 2018, over a 260 percent increase in numbers since 2013. The revenue generated from the Canadian brewing industry has increased along with the number of breweries in past years and is forecast to increase into the future. In 2018, the industry generated around 6.43 billion U.S. dollars; this figure is projected to increase to around 6.77 billion by 2023. 
 This statistic shows the number of internet users in Malaysia from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 25.3 million people were accessing the internet in Malaysia. This figure is projected to grow to 29.4 million in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Qatar from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Qatar amounted to about 0.23 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows Mercedes's share of new car registrations in the EU between August 2018 and December 2019. In December 2019, Mercedes had a market share of 5.9 percent in the EU. At 71,300 units, the brand's vehicle sales were about 8.5 percent above the same month one year earlier, mainly thanks to increased demand from German customers. About Daimler Germany’s Daimler AG is one of the largest vehicle manufacturers in the world. The corporation is split up into five different divisions: Mercedes- Benz Cars, Daimler Buses, Daimler Trucks, Mercedes-Benz Vans and Daimler Financial Services. Daimler AG’s total revenue in 2018 was just under 167.4 billion euros, the majority coming from Europe with just under 68.5 billion euros produced here. This figure includes some 24.8 billion euros generated from vehicle sales in Germany. Sales in the United States contributed around 41 billion euros in 2018. About Mercedes-Benz The group’s key passenger vehicle brand, Mercedes-Benz Cars, sold over two million units in 2018. It is expected that this growth will continue over the next couple of years, especially with new investments in new battery electric models across various segments. Mercedes-Benz Cars has a broad model range, including the A-Class hatchback model, minivans (B-Class), as well as luxury sedans and sports cars (C- through SLK-Class). In 2018, the Mercedes-Benz A-/B-Class cars accounted for over 17 percent of worldwide Mercedes-Benz Cars unit sales. C-Class cars proved even more popular that year, making up for about 20 percent of unit sales, whereas global sales of Smart cars remained flat. In 2014, Daimler revealed plans to launch a new generation of Smarts to broaden its appeal to urban drivers. The new models were developed in co-operation with France’s Renault. 
 In 2019, Barnes & Noble had 627 stores in the United States, three fewer than in the previous year. The company had 726 locations all across the country back in 2008, however this figure has been decreasing ever since, with the sharpest drop recorded between 2012 and 2013. Barnes & Noble has had a patchy few years in terms of its profitability and reported a net loss of almost 125.5 million U.S. dollars in 2018, followed by net income of just 3.77 million in 2019. The company has also drastically reduced its number of employees, replacing full-time workers earning an annual salary with part-time staff on lower wages. Barnes & Noble and beyond: a changing market The dwindling presence of physical bookstores in the U.S. is often blamed solely on Amazon. However, Barnes & Noble’s focus on expanding its repertoire beyond just books (including the launch of several restaurants within its stores) has led to consumers and news publications alike questioning precisely what the retailer has become and how it intends to move forward. In June 2019, it was announced that investment firm Elliot Management Corporation would acquire Barnes & Noble for a sum of more than 680 million U.S. dollars, just over a year after purchasing a majority stake in British book chain Waterstones. The situation for bookstores in the United Kingdom is similar to those in the U.S. – despite Waterstones ranking as one of the most popular retail brands in the UK, this popularity does not necessarily translate into sales and the company has struggled to keep up. E-commerce has had a profound effect on brick and mortar stores in general, but whilst plenty of consumers still prefer to purchase many products instore, when it comes to books this is not always the case. A 2019 study in the U.S. revealed that books are most commonly purchased via a third-party marketplace, with 42 percent of survey respondents stating that they had purchased books from third-party online sellers in the past year. Third-party marketplaces were more popular for buying books than any other product type, and books were among the least likely products to be purchased in a physical store. Perhaps unsurprisingly, books were also among the leading product categories purchased by Amazon shoppers. In a market where monthly retail sales of U.S. bookstores are prone to serious seasonal changes and rarely surpass 700 million dollars, chains like Barnes & Noble look to have a difficult future ahead of them. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Indonesia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Indonesia amounted to around 3,870.56 U.S. dollars. Indonesia's gross domestic product on the rise Indonesia has the largest economy in Southeast Asia is considered one of the most important emerging market economies in the world. Indonesia is a member of the G-20 economies and a founding member of ASEAN. It has one of the largest gross domestic products in the world: In 2014, the Indonesian GDP was reported to exceed 856 billion U.S. dollars. GDP in Indonesia has been increasing rapidly and in 2011, it was estimated that it had grown by more than 6.4 percent in comparison to the previous year. That same year, global GDP amounted to more than 72 trillion U.S. dollars - with the exception of 2009, global GDP has been continuously increasing each year over the past decade. Based on purchasing power parity, Indonesia's share in the global GDP is significantly higher than that of other major economies, and in 2014 was almost on the same level with France and higher than the UK's share. According to a forecast by Goldman Sachs, Indonesia will be among the 15 countries with the largest gross domestic product worldwide by 2030. In addition, the gross domestic product per capita in Indonesia has also undergone a rapid increase. Over the past decade, GDP per capita in Indonesia has quadrupled, a remarkable feat seldom seen in any economy. 
 This statistic shows the sales made by Qdoba company-owned restaurants from 2011 to 2018. Qdoba, owned by Jack in the Box Inc., generated restaurant sales of approximately 192.62 million U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 Among top pharmaceutical companies in 2018, Celgene had the highest gross margin, followed by Novo Nordisk. Celgene’s gross margin in 2018 was 93.1 percent, while Novo Nordisk's gross margin at that time was about 88 percent. Gross margin can be defined as the revenue of a company less the cost of goods sold, divided by revenue. Gross margin is a representation of profit. The higher the gross margin, the more power a company has to raise prices. Top pharmaceutical companies Pharmaceutical companies can be ranked in other ways as well. As of 2018, Pfizer and Roche were the top-ranked pharmaceutical companies based on prescription sales. Research and development spending is another way in which pharmaceuticals can be ranked. Among global top companies, AstraZeneca and Eli Lilly were the leading pharmaceutical companies based on research and development spending as a portion of revenue in 2018. Company spotlight: Novartis Novartis, another leading pharmaceutical company based in Switzerland, was the second leading biotech and pharmaceutical company based on market capitalization as of 2019. Novartis has experienced distinct regional successes with Europe and the United States being the top revenue generators for Novartis. Novartis has experienced significant revenue growth from pharmaceuticals since 2009. 
 The statistic shows the 20 countries with the lowest fertility rates in 2017. All figures are estimates. In 2017, the fertility rate in Singapore was estimated to be at 0.83 children per woman, making it the lowest fertility rate worldwide. Fertility rate The fertility rate is the average number of children born per woman of child-bearing age in a country. Usually, a woman aged between 15 and 45 is considered to be in her child-bearing years. The fertility rate of a country provides an insight into its economic state, as well as the level of health and education of its population. Developing countries usually have a higher fertility rate due to lack of access to birth control and contraception, and to women usually foregoing a higher education, or even any education at all, in favor of taking care of housework. Many families in poorer countries also need their children to help provide for the family by starting to work early and/or as caretakers for their parents in old age. In developed countries, fertility rates and birth rates are usually much lower, as birth control is easier to obtain and women often choose a career before becoming a mother. Additionally, if the number of women of child-bearing age declines, so does the fertility rate of a country. As can be seen above, countries like Hong Kong are a good example for women leaving the patriarchal structures and focusing on their own career instead of becoming a mother at a young age, causing a decline of the country’s fertility rate. A look at the fertility rate per woman worldwide by income group also shows that women with a low income tend to have more children than those with a high income. The United States are neither among the countries with the lowest, nor among those with the highest fertility rate, by the way. At 2.08 children per woman, the fertility rate in the US has been continuously slightly below the global average of about 2.4 children per woman over the last decade. 
 The graph shows the top 50 Formula 1 drivers with the most podium finishes from 1950 to 2019. Michael Schumacher had 155 podium finishes throughout his career. 
 This statistic depicts the total number of marriages in France from 2004 to 2018. In 2005 the number of marriages amounted to over 283 thousand, this was the highest number of marriages recorded during the 14 year period. Same-sex marriage was legalized in France in 2013, Since then the number of same-sex marriages in France reached 7,751 marriages in 2015, with the highest number recorded the previous year with 10,522 nuptials. In general, France would come in second in a statistic with reference to number of marriages in Europe in 2014, excluding seven European countries for which data was unavailable to the source. By comparison, the number of divorces in France has also been declining by a rate of 8 percent between 2004 and 2014. In the most recent surveyed year, the number of divorces amounted to 120.5 thousand, roughly 30 thousand divorces less than in 2005 at their highest. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Premier League club Manchester United from 2009 to 2019. In the fiscal year 2019, Manchester United generated around 796.4 million U.S. dollars in revenue. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in the EU countries in June 2019. Inflation or currency devaluation (drop in the value of money), is characterized by a steady rise in the prices of finished products (consumer goods, capital goods). The consumer price index tracks price trends of private consumption expenditure, and shows an increase in the indexes current level of inflation. In June 2019, the inflation rate in Latvia was at 3.1 percent compared to the same month of the previous year. The overall EU GDP (gross domestic product), an important indicator of a country's well-being, amounted to approximately 14 million around the same time. 
 In January 2019, Vietnam exported the highest volume of coffee worldwide. The volume stood at about 2.7 million 60-kilo sacks of coffee. Global coffee industry Coffee is the second largest traded commodity (after oil) in the world. All coffee is grown in the global south of the world and is mostly consumed in the global north. Based on 2015 figures, the Netherlands had the highest per capita consumption of coffee. With regard to market fundamentals, total coffee production increased from 133.99 million bags in 2010/11 to approximately 151.6 million bags in 2016/17. The origin of coffee can be traced back to 1000 AD to Ethiopia. Arab traders are thought to have brought it to North Africa, from where it spread to Asia and Europe. Coffee's spectacular rise as a commercial commodity started with large-scale plantations in Latin America in the late 18th century. By the 19th century, Brazil commanded more than 70 percent share of the world market. However not as dominant, Brazil remains the leading coffee producing country in the world today.New consumption patterns have emerged with the growing importance of specialty, fair trade, organic and even 'bird-friendly' coffees. Coffee bar chains have spread dramatically, although the relative coffee content of the final consumption 'experience' in these outlets is extremely low. Coffee bar chains sell an ambience and a social positioning more than just 'good' coffee. The global coffee chain has gone through a 'latte revolution', where consumers can choose from hundreds of combinations of coffee variety, origin, brewing and grinding methods, flavoring, packaging and ambience. Retail coffee prices continue to rise and roasters are capturing increased profit margin while coffee farmers receive prices below the cost of production. 
 This statistic shows the population of the Netherlands in 2019, by gender. On January 1, 2019, approximately 8.6 million people living in the Netherlands were male and roughly 8.7 million were female, making the female population in the Netherlands the majority. As this statistic on the life expectancy at birth in the Netherlands shows, women in the Netherlands live some three years longer than men. For this reason it is not surprising that the number of women living in the Netherlands is larger than the number of men. According to a recent forecast, the life expectancy is likely to increase even further in the future, narrowing the gap between the genders to approximately 2.8 years in 2060, but not completely eliminating it. 
 Over the past two decades, the average wind speed in the United Kingdom has remained relatively stable. In 2019, the average wind speed in the UK was 8.2 knots. Speeds peaked during this period in 2015 at 9.4 knots, before falling to 8.4 knots the following year. One knot equates to one nautical mile per hour. Overall, wind speeds have mostly remained between eight and nine knots, dropping to a low of 7.8 in 2010. First and fourth quarters the windiest Since 2010, the first and fourth quarters of each year generally recorded the highest wind speeds. The highest quarterly wind speed averages occurred in the fourth quarter of 2011 and the first quarter of 2014 at approximately 11 knots. Between 2014 and 2019, the most noticeable deviation from the 10-year mean was recorded in December 2015. In this month wind speeds were 4.1 knots higher than normal. Optimal wind conditions for wind energy The United Kingdom has some of the best wind conditions in Europe for wind power, so it is no surprise that it plays an important role in the country’s energy mix. By the end of 2018, there were 39 offshore wind farms with grid connected turbines in the UK, by far the most in Europe. In the same year wind power in the UK produced 55.8 terawatts of electricity. 
 This graph shows the quarterly growth of the real GDP in the United States from 2011 to 2019. Real gross domestic product is defined as an inflation-adjusted measure that reflects the value of all goods and services produced in a given year, expressed in base-year prices. The U.S. GDP increased by 2.1 percent from the second quarter of 2019 to the third quarter of 2019. Overall, the US GDP increased by 2.9 percent in 2018, which can be found here. State of the GDP after recession The real quarterly U.S. GDP growth in recent years since the recession has been mostly positive with some small exceptions. The GDP in the United States in the first quarter of 2009 experienced a 5.4 percent decrease. The National Bureau of Economic research dates the beginnings of the economic recession at December 2007. By 2009, the country’s GDP finally began to improve again, reaching almost 15 trillion U.S. dollars in 2010. In 2010, after the end of the recession, the global GDP increased by 5.38 percent. From 2019 to 2020, global GDP is expected to increase by 3.72 percent. Gross domestic product per capita has increased worldwide over the last decade (with the exception of 2009) and reached 10,150.79 U.S. dollars in 2016. As of 2017, Luxembourg had the highest GDP per capita in the world at 107,708.22 U.S. dollars. Still among the top ten countries in the world, the United States’ GDP per capita totaled 59,895 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, the average inflation rate in Singapore amounted to about 0.44 percent compared to the previous year, and it seemed to recover from sliding into the red throughout 2015 and 2016. For the next few years, Singapore’s inflation is expected to level off at around 1.4 percent. Singapore’s economy in short Singapore is a prospering, highly developed economy, relying heavily on its role as an intermediary port for transport and storage of goods and merchandise. The lion’s share of its GDP is generated by the services sector, mainly by financial services, oil-refining, and manufacturing. Tourism is also an important contributor. It is one of the leading economies in Asia with one of the highest GDPs in the ASEAN region. The great slump of 2015 to 2016 As dramatic as it looks, there was no definite reason for Singapore’s inflation rate to drop below zero in 2015 and 2016. A slump in economic growth and oil prices, as well as a low consumer price index were most likely responsible for inflation taking a hit in those years. Singapore has since recovered and continues its success story as one of the leading economies in the East. 
 The statistic depicts projected figures for total worldwide TV viewership of major sporting events in 2014. The FIFA World Cup Final in 2014 is projected to draw around 350 million TV viewers worldwide. Viewership for major sporting events – additional information The World Cup, an international soccer competition organized by FIFA, is one of the biggest sports events in the world. The competition is highly lucrative for FIFA, considering its popularity and wide viewership across the globe. The football association, in fact, generates majority of its revenue through TV broadcasting rights. In 2014, for instance, FIFA generated about 2.4 billion U.S. dollars in revenues from TV broadcasting rights. It is no surprise that the most important game of the competition, the final match, is projected to be one of the most watched sports events in 2014, as shown in the statistic. The second most viewed sports event in 2014 is expected to be the UEFA Champions League Final. The European soccer tournament involves the best European clubs, such as Real Madrid -- team with the most UEFA Champions League titles -- AC Milan, and Liverpool FC to name a few. The viewership of the UEFA Champions League Final in 2014 was estimated to add up to 170 million worldwide. With projections to draw around 140 million viewers worldwide, the Winter Olympics opening ceremony ranks third in terms of viewership of sports events. In total, more than 410 TV channels broadcasted the Winter Olympic Games in 2014, showing more than 110 thousand hours of both digital and TV coverage on the event. The Winter Olympics closing ceremony in 2014 also had high viewership projections -- about 80 million TV viewers worldwide -- placing the event amongst the top five sporting events in terms of viewership. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Belgium semi-annually from 2010 to 2019. In the second half of 2018, the average electricity price for households was 29.37 euro cents per kWh. This was an increased from the previous period. 
 Nestlé was the leading chocolate company in Canada in 2018, holding a share of around 18.6 percent of all chocolate sales in Canada in the 52 weeks ending July 21, 2018. Hershey and Mondelez were in second and third place, with market shares of 16.7 and 14.8 percent respectively. The growth of Nestlé Nestlé is a Swiss food and drink company which was formed through a merger in 1905. The company witnessed significant growth during and after the two world wars, when they started to extend their products beyond condensed milk and infant formula. Today, the company owns over 2,000 brands. Besides their world-renowned chocolate brands, such as KitKat and Smarties, they now also produce several other FMCG products including baby food, bottled water and other beverages, cereals, coffee and tea and snacks. Nestlé on a global scale In 2017, Nestlé was ranked the top FMCG company in the world, with net sales reaching an impressive 91.19 billion U.S. dollars. In this same year, the company employed approximately 323,000 people globally. When it comes to regional sales distribution, the Americas accounted for around 44.9 percent of Nestlé’s global sales in 2018. 
 According to the monitoring data from the Embassy of the United States, there was on average 63.19 micrograms of PM2.5 particles per cubic meter to be found in the air in Beijing during the first month of 2017. Since then, the Embassy of the United States in Beijing has stopped publishing data on Beijing’s air pollution. Reasons for air pollution in Beijing China’s capital city Beijing is one of the most populous cities in China with over 20 million inhabitants. Over the past 20 years, Beijing’s GDP has increased tenfold. With the significant growth of vehicles and energy consumption in the country, Beijing’s air quality is under great pressure from the economic development. In the past, the city had a high level of coal consumption. Especially in winter, in which coal consumption increased due to heating, the air quality could get extremely bad on the days without wind. In spring, the wind from the north would bring sand from Mongolian deserts, resulting in severe sandstorms in Beijing. The bad air quality also affected the air visibility and threatened people’s health. On days with very bad air quality, people wearing masks for protection can be seen on the streets in the city. Methods to improve air quality in Beijing Over the past years, the government has implemented various methods to improve the air quality in Northern China. Sandstorms, which were quite common 15 years ago, are now rarely seen in Beijing’s spring thanks to afforestation projects on China’s northern borders. The license-plate lottery system was introduced in Beijing to restrict the growth of private vehicles. Large trucks were not allowed to enter certain areas in Beijing. Above all, the coal consumption in Beijing has been restricted by shutting down industrial sites and improving heating systems. Beijing’s efforts to improve air quality has also been highly praised by the UN as a successful model for other cities. However, there is also criticism pointing out that the improvement of Beijing’s air quality is based on the sacrifice of surrounding provinces (including Hebei), as many factories were moved from Beijing to other regions. Besides air pollution, there are other environmental problems like water pollution that China is facing. The industrial transformation is the key to China’s environmental improvement. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in the United States from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, the United States had close to 275 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 310.1 million internet users in 2022. The United States are one of the biggest online markets worldwide. 
 Rolls-Royce Motor Cars delivered approximately 4,100 automobiles in 2018, representing a 22.2 percent increase from the previous year. The luxury auto brand is a wholly owned subsidiary of BMW. Record sales took place in 2018 thanks to the successful release of the Phantom VIII in July 2017. Rolls-Royce and Brexit Rolls-Royce sales are expected to hit record numbers for the second year straight in 2019. However, international new light vehicle sales remained flat between 2016 and 2018, and it is expected that 2019 will see a decline. Furthermore, the United Kingdom’s potential departure from the European Union causes some worry amongst UK-based automakers, including Rolls-Royce: West Sussex, England, is home to the headquarters, design, and manufacturing facilities of Rolls-Royce Motor Cars. Roughly 90 percent of the finished vehicles at this plant are exported out of the United Kingdom to other regions of the world. Following Brexit, the UK government must renegotiate trade deals with the EU and governments around the world. The United States and China will be a particularly important trading partners in the future. The U.S. is the largest market for Rolls-Royce, accounting approximately 30 percent of their sales. China is the second largest market and has been growing considerably. Post-Brexit laws may affect the goods and parts that are used to make Rolls-Royce automobiles. According to Rolls-Royce's CEO, only 10 percent of parts for Roll-Royce vehicles come from the UK. 
 YouTube enjoys the highest penetration rate of any social network in Russia, with a rate of 87 percent. This is slightly ahead of the 83 percent achieved by VKontakte, and well ahead of any western social network operating in Russia. VKontakte: the Facebook of Russia VKontakte, commonly referred to as VK, primarily services the Russian market with a social network that borrows very heavily from Facebook in terms of design and function. VK has undergone significant growth over the past four years, with their user base rising from 39.7 million users in March 2014, to reach 81.1 million users by December 2017. VK’s presence is much smaller outside of Russia, however, with a market share of just 0.04 percent in the United Kingdom as of January 2019. Russian use of social media Although Russians tend to display a preference for home grown services such as VK and Odnoklassniki, western social networks also have significant user bases. Indeed, Russians on Twitter make up the company’s tenth largest user group by nationality. 9.91 million Russians are using Twitter, compared with 14.1 million people using the service in the United Kingdom. 13 million Russians are users of Facebook. 
 This graph shows automotive electronics cost as a share of total car cost from 1970 to 2030. Electronics systems have vastly improved vehicle safety over the evolution of the car, such as airbags and anti-lock braking systems. In 2030, it is forecasted that on average, electronic systems will account for half of the total price of a new car. 
 In 2019, close to 312 million internet users accessed the web from the United States, up from nearly 287 million in 2017. The United States are one of the largest online markets worldwide, ranking only behind China and India in terms of online audience size. Internet usage in the United States Overall, 90 percent of U.S. adults were reported to use the internet at least occasionally, up from 76 percent in 2010. Online usage is strong across all age groups and virtually universal among young adults aged 18 to 29 years. As of the first quarter of 2019, internet users in North America spent an average of 3 hours and 57 minutes online via mobile, compared to only 2 hours and 33 minutes of daily non-mobile internet use. The number of mobile phone internet users in the United States is set to surpass 287 million users in 2023, up from 262 million 2018. The strong usage of mobile internet is largely due to the wide availability of mobile broadband subscriptions - in the most recently reported year, there were 132.9 mobile broadband subscriptions per 100 inhabitants in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Malaysia from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, it is estimated that there will be around 26.1 million social network users in the country, up from 22.7 million in 2017. 
 In 2018, almost 96 million motor vehicles were produced worldwide. This figure translates into a decline of around one percent, compared with the previous year. China, Japan, and Germany were the largest producers of cars and commercial vehicles in 2018. China leads production China is ranked as the largest passenger car manufacturer in the world, having produced more than 23.5 million cars in 2018, and accounting for almost one third of the world’s passenger vehicle production. Over the past decades, China has emerged as one of the main growth markets for players in the global automobile industry. American manufacturers in China One of China’s largest car manufacturing companies is the joint venture between General Motors and SAIC Motor Corporation Limited, known as Shanghai General Motors Company Ltd or simply Shanghai GM. GM produces and sells passenger vehicles under the Chevrolet and Cadillac brands, among others. Aside from manufacturing cars, the company also produces engines and transmission systems. Shanghai GM’s production amounted to a little over two million units in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Poland from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Poland amounted to around 37.98 million inhabitants. Population and economy of Poland Poland is the sixth most populated country in the EU, and the ninth most populated one in Europe. After experiencing a minor decline in population from the mid to late 2000s, Poland’s populace has gradually risen annually. Based on current trends, it is estimated that Poland will suffer a population decrease of roughly 4 million in 2050, an estimate that is highly plausible due to the ongoing financial crisis in Europe. A reason for the country’s slow but certain growth in population could be its economic upturn that has seen momentous improvements over the past decade. Due to industrialization during Russian-ruled Congress Poland as well as the Great Depression, Poland suffered from high amounts of unemployment. However, demand for jobs dramatically increased during the mid 21st century, causing unemployment to plummet. Interestingly, Poland is one of the few countries that reported an unemployment rate which was lower than during the years prior to the global financial crisis. A further indication of economic upturn is evident in the country’s gross domestic product, which is primarily an indicator of economic strength and production in a country. Poland’s GDP trend coincides with its unemployment rate, having doubled in value and maintained a higher GDP compared to the years prior to the financial crisis of 2008. 
 Indonesia was ranked first in the number of Facebook users among Southeast Asian countries in 2017. While this is mainly due to the population size, it also reflects the increasing popularity and widespread use of social media in Indonesia. Hence, it is not surprising that, as of 2018, the penetration rate of the other major social media platforms in Indonesia was on a high level too. Is Facebook still on the rise? The social network giant reported 2.32 billion monthly users for its services Facebook, Facebook Messenger, WhatsApp and Instagram as of 2018. Most of the members visited these platforms at least once a day, and Facebook was still accounting for a steady user increase. However, growth was already stagnating in the US, Canada and Europe. New users were mostly generated by India, Indonesia and the Philippines, which in turn makes these regions particularly important. Did the privacy scandal impact on the revenue? As of 2018, the negative impacts of the various scandals involving privacy violations were not noticeable in the turnover. In 2018 Facebook was able to increase its revenue per user to almost 25 U.S. dollars, whereas the total revenue rose to 55.8 billion dollars, most of which was generated through mobile ads. Sales in this area increased by almost 16 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 compared to the previous year. It remains to be seen how such scandals will impact Facebook as a multibillion-dollar company. 
 It is a painful reality for many internet users that not all online connections are created equally – this is something that online users in low-density and rural U.S. states can attest to. According to August 2018 data, New Jersey was the U.S. state with the fastest internet connection with an average connection speed of 52 Mbps. Montana ranked last with an average connection speed of 20.3 Mbps. Internet speed in the United States There are many U.S. cities that are bustling hubs for tech companies and startups and it is no surprise that connectivity and innovation go hand in hand. According to data from the third quarter of 2018, Kansas City, Missouri had access to fixed internet connections with the fastest average download speed in the United States at 159.19 Megabits per second and also scored highest for average upload speed with 127.03 Mbps. In 2011, Kansas City, MO was selected as one of the first cities to receive Google Fiber, Google’s then newly launched broadband internet service. Other notable metro areas in the ranking of the cities with the fastest upload and download speeds include Texas tech heavyweights Austin and San Antonio, as well as San Francisco, California and Boston, Massachusetts. Mobile internet connectivity in the United States As of the first quarter of 2019, over 40 percent of website traffic in the United States was via mobile device. Mobile internet adoption is driven by availability and cost – in 2018, the estimated average price of cellular data per gigabyte in the United States was 4.64 U.S. dollars. However, the cost per mobile GB is projected to decrease to 2.75 U.S. dollars by 2023. In the third quarter of 2018, Minneapolis, Minnesota had access to the fastest average mobile download speed in the United States at 44.92 Megabits per second, and also scored highest for average upload speed with 14.26 Mbps. 
 The European Union is the main export destination for passenger cars exported by the United Kingdom. In 2018, every second car sold by UK based manufacturers went to other member states of the EU.Total exports by the UK to the EU valued at 172.21 billion British pounds that same year, accounting for 45 percent of all UK exports and making the EU its most important trading partner. In recent years the discrepancy between exports and imports has exacerbated the UK’s negative trade balance with the EU. This was largely due to a fall in exports recorded between 2011 and 2015. Motor industry contribution In 2018, the UK motor industry contributed 18.6 billion British pounds to the economy. It was the second year in a row that industry revenue declined, with 2016 being the peak year when contributions amounted to 22 billion British pounds. Car production volumes The decline in economic contribution is a direct result of a decrease in production output. In 2018, some 1.52 million passenger cars were manufactured. This was nine percent less than the volume produced the previous year and on a level with figures reported for 2013. 
 This statistic presents the net contributions that the United Kingdom (UK) is predicted to make to the European Union budget from the UK financial year 2016/2017 to 2022/2023. The peak of contributions is expected to be in 2019/20 at 12.2 billion British pounds. 
 In the second quarter of 2019, the household debt to GDP ratio in the United States amounted to approximately 76 percent. Debt to GDP ratio - additional information The household debt to GDP ratio decreased in the recent years from 81.9 percent in the first quarter of 2014 to 76 percent in the first quarter of 2019. This tendency could be explained either by steady growth of gross domestic product in the United States or reduction of household debt. Mortgages, which are the most significant component of the household debt, decreased from 9.72 trillion U.S. dollars in the fourth quarter of 2012 to 9.44 trillion U.S. dollars in the third quarter of 2016 in the United States but have rebounded to 10.39 trillion as of the first quarter of 2019. Public debt in the United States, which is the amount of money borrowed by the government to finance budget deficits, increased from year to year and reached approximately 15.75 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. According to the forecast, public debt in the United States will amount to approximately 24.6 trillion U.S. dollars in 2026. The major holders of American government debt, as of December 2018, were Federal Reserve and government accounts and foreign and international holders. National debt in the United States constituted 106.23 percent of GDP in 2017. The ratio of national debt to GDP varies significantly on a global scale. The countries with the highest ratios of national debt to GDP in 2018 were, among others, Japan, Greece and Barbados. The lowest debt to GDP ratios were observed in Macao SAR, Hong Kong SAR and Brunei Darussalam in the same year. 
 This timeline shows supermarket and other grocery store sales in the United States from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, U.S. supermarket and grocery store sales amounted to about 646.4 billion U.S. dollars. Wal-Mart stores dominated sales of the leading grocery retailers in 2016, generating approximately 362.82 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This line graph illustrates the number of road traffic fatalities per year in Russia between 2006 and 2018. In 2009, 27,659 individuals were killed in motor vehicle accidents. An overall decrease in the number of road deaths was observed within the time period shown. The highest number of road fatalities in this timeframe occurred in 2007.From 2010 to 2017, the number of road fatalities declined from 26,567 to 19,088, a decline of almost 13 percent. However, this significant decline was not a steady one, with the number of road fatalities in the Russian Federation rising from 2010 to 2012. In 2012 the number of road fatalities in the Russian Federation reached 27,991, an increase of approximately five percent from 2010 to 2012. After this peak in road fatalities in Russia the numbers began to decline, decreasing from 27,991 in 2012 to 19,088 in 2017, a decline in road fatalities of approximately 32 percent.In 2018, there were 18,214 road fatalities in the Russian Federation, the current low point during the time period observed in this statistic. 
 This statistic represents the regional distribution of Tumblr traffic in the last three months. As of October 2019, the United States accounted for 45.95 percent of desktop traffic to the visual blogging site. 
 This statistic shows the global inflation rate compared to previous year from 2014 to 2024*. In 2019, the inflation rate worldwide amounted to approximately 3.41 percent compared to the previous year. Inflation rates worldwide Inflation is often defined as the continued increase in the general level of prices of goods and services. Global economy has suffered immensely since the global financial crisis in 2008 and that has caused global inflation to increase. The highest recorded global inflation of the past decade in comparison with the previous year took place in 2008, when it increased by more than 6.4 percent in comparison to the global inflation rate in 2007. The global regions with the highest year-on-year inflation rate in 2014 are the Middle East and North Africa, as well as Africa Sub-Sahara. The nations in the world with the highest inflation rates in 2015 were Venezuela and Ukraine. Interestingly, in 2015, the inflation rate in Venezuela was approximately three times as high as the inflation rate in Ukraine. As a result of a global economic downturn, the lack of a sufficient central bank, and the rise in interest rates, the cost of living in the Middle East has also become much higher than in industrialized countries. The inflation rate in industrialized countries in 2015 was just about 0.35 percent. Meanwhile, the inflation rate in the Middle East and North Africa amounted to more than 6.2 percent. Due to economical progress following the global financial crisis, developed countries in the European Union and the euro area set forth economic strategies to strengthen their economy and maintain a stable economy. In addition, stagnant worker wages and a hesitation from banks to easily distribute loans to ordinary citizens have also caused the inflation rate in the euro zone to be relatively low. In 2015, Grenada and Switzerland reported the lowest inflation rates in 2015 in comparison to the previous year. 
 In 2018, there were over 5.27 billion chickens living in mainland China, a higher amount than any other country in the world. Egg production As the country with the highest chicken population, China also is the leading producer of eggs worldwide. In 2017, some 529 billion eggs were produced in China, an amount five times greater than the runner up, the United States. Industrially raised chickens tend to fall into two categories: egg laying hens and broiler chickens, which are produced for meat. Egg retail in the United States When Americans buy eggs at the grocery store, the vast majority will pick up a carton of private label eggs opposed to eggs from any particular name brand. In 2018, the leading name brand of fresh eggs in the United States was Eggland’s Best, which generated about 210.9 million U.S. dollars in sales. In comparison, sales of private label eggs amounted to around 859 million U.S. dollars in that year. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the New England Patriots of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value of the New England Patriots was 4.1 billion U.S. dollars. The current owner Robert Kraft bought the franchise in 1994 for 172 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the ranking of French YouTube gaming channels as of June 2018, by number of subscribers. The gaming channel "Bigorneaux & Coquillages", with approximately 5.3 million followers, was the most subscribed French YouTube gaming channel in June 2018. It was followed by "Le Bled'Art" with around 3.3 million subscribers and "Le Joueur de Grenier" with three million subscribers. Youtube has provided a platform for multiple genre channels other than gaming such as comedy channels and music channels.As high as these numbers are, the leading French channel would not break the Global Top 10 YouTube gaming channels. elrubiusOMG heads that list, having amassed 25.4 million subscribers. PopularMMOs rounds the global list out, sitting in tenth place with 12.4 million subscribers.The Gaming category is a significant drawcard for the streaming service, with the second-highest engagement rate among males aged 18-34 using it, second only to the music videos. 
 This statistic shows the public spending ratio in the member states of the European Union in 2017. All figures are estimates. The public spending ratio is the ratio of state expenditures to the gross domestic product (GDP). In 2017, Belgium's estimated public spending ratio amounted to about 52.16 percent of the GDP. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Romania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Romania amounted to about 4.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The average annual salary in the Netherlands in 2018 was just under 34,700 euros, including bonuses. The average employee reached his or her highest annual salary between the age of 45 and 49 years old, at over 45,000 euros. Up to that point, the average annual salary generally increased, from about 1,340 euros per year for those under 15, to 45,080 for those 45-49 years old. After that age, average annual salaries decreased again, to about 15,100 euros for those 75 years and older. Highest salaries in the mining and quarrying industry Those looking to make a substantial amount of money were best off in the mining and quarrying industry, where average annual wages reached nearly 83,000 euros in 2018. Employees in the electricity and gas supply sector earned roughly 62,000 euros, and those working in finance made nearly as much, at 62,200 euros. On the lower end of the scale, employees in the accommodation and food serving industry earned an average annual salary of only 13,700 euros, or over six times less than employees in the best-paying sector. Gender differences In general, annual salaries for men were considerably higher than salaries for women. Whereas men earned an average annual salary of over 42,000 in 2018, women in the Netherlands on average made about 26,200 euros annually. This was not just the result of men having a higher average hourly salary, to some extent this was also a consequence of women working fewer hours than men. Whereas men in the Netherlands on average worked 33.3 hours per week in 2018, women worked only 24.5 hours. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of the most popular dogs on Instagram as of October 2017, sorted by the highest numbers of followers. Pomeranian Jiff Pom was the most-followed dog on the photo sharing app platform with 6.6 million followers. 
 In 2018, Vietnam’s gross domestic product (GDP) amounted to around 241.27 billion U.S. dollars, and is expected to increase to almost 395 billion U.S. dollars by 2024. Gross domestic product denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year, and it is an important indicator of a country’s economic power. Vietnam’s economy Vietnam’s economy has a strong agrarian base, with key agricultural exports of wet rice, coffee, and black pepper. However, in the past decade (2008 to 2018), agriculture's contribution to Vietnam's GDP has been decreasing while the country’s industry sector experienced rapid growth at the same time. As of 2018, Vietnam’s top exports include information technology hardware, such as broadcasting equipment and mobile devices. Vietnam’s regional comparison Vietnam is part of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), which encompasses regional nations with the goal of fostering trade and economic growth. The region has been reporting increasing GDP, amounting to 2.9 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. Vietnam is one of the ASEAN countries experiencing export trade growth, and has had consistent yearly growth in GDP, at a rate of around six percent. 
 This statistic displays the average daily number of calories consumed per capita in selected countries as of 2014. The average daily calorie intake per capita in the United States is 3,641 kilocalories (kcal) per person. The prevalence of obesity has increased in countries like the United States and the United Kingdom in the last decade, with the U.S. reporting the highest rates of obesity in all OECD countries. An increased daily caloric intake has been positively associated with this international problem. 
 This statistic shows the number of smartphones sold to end users worldwide from 2007 to 2020. In 2018, around 1.56 billion smartphones were sold worldwide. In the first quarter of 2019, around 88 percent of all smartphones sold to end users were phones with the Android operating system. Smartphone end user sales - additional information In 2016, the number of smartphones sold to consumers stood at around 1.5 billion units, a significant increase from the 680 million units sold in 2012. This means that over 28 percent of the world’s total population owned a smart device in 2016, a figure that is expected to increase to 37 percent by 2020. In the same year smartphone penetration is set to reach 60.5 percent in North America as well as in Western Europe. This is a large rise in the 29.3 percent of people in North America and 22.7 percent of Western Europeans who had smartphones in 2011. In the United States alone, sales of smartphones are projected to be worth around 55.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2017, an increase from 18 billion dollars in 2010. By 2017, it is forecast that almost 84 percent of all mobile users in the United States will own a smartphone, an increase from the 27 percent of mobile users in 2010. The Chinese smartphone market is also on the rise with over 538 million units of smartphones forecast to be sold in 2016. This is a huge increase from the 80.7 million that were sold in 2011. 
 Coffee consumption in the United States amounted to nearly 26.5 million 60-kilogram bags in the 2018/2019 fiscal year. This is an increase from the total U.S. coffee consumption in the previous fiscal year, at 25.84 million 60-kilogram bags in the United States. Coffee production The coffee plant has its origins in Ethiopia and is now grown all over the world. Most of the world’s coffee is cultivated in South America, followed by Asia and Oceania. In 2018, over 81 million 60-kilogram bags of coffee were produced in South America. The majority of South America’s coffee production is attributed to Brazil. In the 2017/2018 fiscal year, global coffee production reached 158.56 million 60-kilogram bags. Coffee brewing in the United States Americans love their coffee and have dozens of different methods and gadgets for brewing and preparing coffee. A 2018 survey of U.S. consumers found that the most commonly used coffee preparation methods were drip coffee makers and single cup brewers. However, drip coffee makers have become less popular over time. In 2010, 77 percent of coffee drinkers used drip coffee makers, while in 2018 this share had dropped to 45 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New England Patriots games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 127.04 U.S. dollars. 
 As recorded by the Spanish Statistics Institute (INE), Moroccans ranked first as the foreign nationality with more residents in Spain in 2017, closely followed by Colombians and Venezuelans. After years of losing its foreign population, Spain’s immigration figures started to pick up in 2015, with the number of people that moved to the Mediterranean country surpassing the number of foreigners that decided to leave. The depopulation of a country Even though Spain is continually losing its nationals, the inflow migration figures of the European country saw an enormous increase over the last few years, ceasing the country’s ongoing downward trend in population in 2016. The population of Spain has been in decline for many years and was projected to decrease by nearly one million by 2023. This will not come as a surprise since Spain has the lowest fertility rate in the European Union, with barely 1.34 children per woman according to the latest reports. The European Union immigration context In 2015, the European Union confronted a rising number of refugees arriving from the Middle East. Consequently, migration figures show that Germany accommodated approximately 14 million foreign-born citizens, ranking it as the country that most hosted immigrants in Europe in 2018. By comparison, Spain’s foreign population stood merely over six million, positioning the Western Mediterranean country sixth on the European list of foreign-born population. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of single-person households in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2087, about 24 percent of Californian households were single-person households. In 2018, there were an estimated 34.05 million single-person households in the U.S. The number of single-person households has increased gradually since 1960. However, there were more than 79 million family households in 2018. 
 The statistic presents the monthly exchange rate of U.S. dollar to British Pound from August 2017 to August 2019. The USD GBP exchange rate amounted to approximately 0.82 on August 30, 2019, which means that one U.S. dollar could buy around 0.82 British Pound on that day. USD GBP exchange rate – additional information Over the past two years, the monthly exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to the British Pound has experienced pronounced fluctuations. In January of 2017, one U.S. dollar could buy around 0.80 British Pounds. Since that time, the exchange rate of the U.S. dollar to the British Pound has decreased steadily, reaching a value of 0.76 in April 2018. Furthermore, within the same period of time, between November 2016 and November 2018, the exchange rate of Euro to British Pound has increased gradually, with one Euro being able to buy 0.80 British Pounds and 0.89 British Pounds in November 2016 and November 2018 respectively. The highest average annual exchange rate of the Euro to British Pound was recorded in 2009. With remaining uncertainty about whether and how Britain will choose to leave the European Union, there is some speculation of how a Brexit would affect exchange rates and estimates of what would exchange rates might look like if Britain remains part of the European Union. Different scenarios and the effect on exchange rates have been estimated according to no referendum, the UK remaining in the EU and the UK leaving the EU. It was predicted that if the UK leaves, the UK economy will slow down and the EUR/GDP would peak to 0.9 in 2017, where the Euro could buy around 0.90 British Pounds compared to keeping a steady exchange rate at 0.73 if Britain remains in the European Union. 
 This forecast shows the number of smartphone users in Canada from 2013 to 2023. For 2019, the number of smartphone users in Canada is estimated to reach 26.6 million. Smartphone users in Canada – additional information Smartphones are mobile phones that have more advanced computing capabilities and connectivity than regular mobile phones. Starting with the introduction of the Apple iPhone in 2007, smartphones have risen in popularity. In 2007, around 120 million smartphones were sold worldwide. By 2014, this figure had already passed 1.2 billion. Over a third of the world’s population is projected to own a smartphone by 2017.The number of smartphone users worldwide is expected to reach 2.56 billion by 2018. In Canada, the smartphone market is an important segment of the telecommunication industry, given that the country is amongst the leaders in regards to the share of mobile phone subscribers who use smartphones. The smartphone penetration rate is expected to increase in the next few years, and reach about 65 percent of mobile users by 2017. Apart from the basic features of smartphones such as making phone calls and sending text messages, Canadians use their smartphones for a range of activities. They use their devices primarily to take photos and videos, check the time and weather. Canadians also check emails, search the web and visit social networks on their smartphones on a weekly basis. When they are on the go, many Canadian smartphone users look up directions or search for a new restaurant on their mobile devices. 
 The population in Malaysia grew to 32.4 million people in 2018. This is in line with a steady positive trend that has been happening since at least 2014 and is forecast to continue until at least 2024, as well as with the growth rates in other ASEAN countries. Malaysian demographics As the fertility rate slowly declines, the population growth rate should slowly decline as well. However, since life expectancy is also slowly increasing, this can still fuel population growth, as we see in this statistic. In Malaysia, this is leading to a healthy age structure, with a large group of working-age people who are able to support a smaller number of old and young people. Economic effects A growing population should lead to an increasing gross domestic product (GDP), simply because more people means more consumers and workers. This is especially effective if the country is at full employment. Given the generally low level of unemployment in Malaysia, it is fairly safe to assume that this is true. 
 While the standard image of the nuclear family with two parents and 2.5 children has persisted in the American imagination, the number of births in the U.S. has steadily been decreasing since 1990, with about 3.79 million babies born in 2018. In 1990, this figure was 4.16 million. Birth and replacement rates A country’s birth rate is defined as the number of live births per 1,000 inhabitants, and it is this particularly important number that has been decreasing over the past few decades. The declining birth rate is not solely an American problem, with EU member states showing comparable rates to the U.S. Additionally, each country has what is called a “replacement rate.” The replacement rate is the rate of fertility needed to keep a population stable when compared with the death rate. In the U.S., the fertility rate needed to keep the population stable is around 2.1 children per woman, but this figure was at 1.77 in 2017. Falling birth rates Currently, there is much discussion as to what exactly is causing the birth rate to decrease in the United States. There seem to be several factors in play, including longer life expectancies, financial concerns (such as the economic crisis of 2008), and an increased focus on careers, all of which are causing people to wait longer to start a family. How international governments will handle falling populations remains to be seen, but what is clear is that the declining birth rate is a multifaceted problem without an easy solution. 
 The statistic shows the number of NGOs with consultative status with ECOSOC from 1948 to 2010. In 2010, 3382 global organizations had consultative status with ECOSOC. Non-governmental organizations As shown in the statistic above, the number of non-governmental organizations, also known as NGOs, has significantly increased over the last decades. Non-governmental organizations are usually set up by foundations or private persons and the organizations are neither part of the government nor a profit business. One characteristic is the charitable orientation of the non-governmental organizations. The largest non-government donator in year 2009, which was the World Food Programme (WFP), donated around 2.15 million Euros, while the second largest non-governmental organization, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), provided aid and relief to the value of 1 million Euros in year 2009. The United States led the ranking of the largest development aid donors in 2012, with an amount of 30.92 billion U.S. dollars. In comparison to that, Luxembourg was on rank 23 with 0.41 billion U.S. dollars. One of the countries, which received the largest amount of aid worldwide in 2011, was Pakistan. In that year, Pakistan received about 1.4 billion U.S. dollars, according to the data of the Global Humanitarian Assistance. Afghanistan was on rank 4 and received about 771 million U.S. dollars worth of aid the same year. A survey among Afghans concerning the misappropriation of foreign aid in Afghanistan, which was held by the Afghan Center for Socio-Economic and Opinion Research in December 2010, found out that 67 percent of the respondents thought that a lot of foreign aid was being embezzled, while 27 percent of the participants thought that only a little of the foreign aid was being embezzled. 
 This statistic gives information on eBay's total gross merchandise volume from the second quarter of 2014 to the fourth quarter of 2019. In the most recently reported period, the auction site's gross merchandise volume amounted to 23.3 billion U.S. dollars. 
Kenya’s unemployment rate was 9.31 percent in 2019. This represents a steady decline from the increase after the financial crisis, but pre-recession levels were still above 10 percent. What is unemployment? The unemployment rate of a country refers to the share of people who want to work but cannot find jobs. This includes workers who have lost jobs and are searching for new ones, workers whose jobs ended due to an economic downturn, and workers for whom there are no jobs because the labor supply in their industry is larger than the number of jobs available. Different statistics suggest which factors contribute to the overall unemployment rate. The Kenyan context The first type, so-called “search unemployment”, is hardest to see in the data. The closest proxy is Kenya’s inflation rate. As workers take new jobs faster, employers are forced to increase wages, leading to higher employment. Jobs lost due to economic downturns, called “cyclical unemployment”, can be seen by decreases in the GDP growth rate, which are not significant in Kenya. Finally, “structural unemployment” refers to workers changing the industry, or even economic sector, in which they are working. In Kenya, more and more workers switch to the services sector. This is often a result of urbanization, but any structural shift in the economy’s composition can lead to this unemployment. 
 What were the top 20 countries of origin of immigrants living in Denmark as of 2020? The biggest group of immigrants living in Denmark were from Poland, with more than 41 thousand people living in Denmark on January 1, 2020. The second and third biggest immigrant groups were from Syria and Turkey, amounting to almost 36 thousand and 33 thousand people respectively. Only one Nordic country was represented within the ten biggest group of immigrants in Denmark this year, namely Norway, with close to 16 thousand Norwegians living in Denmark. 
 This statistic shows the distribution of the total corn production worldwide in 2018/2019, broken down by country. According to the report, the United States was responsible for over a third of the world's corn production that year. Most of the U.S. production is attributable to the Corn Belt, which is located in the Midwest of the United States. Since the 1850s, corn has been the predominant crop in this area. 
 In 2019, the unemployment rate in Ghana was at approximately 6.78 percent of the total labor force. The unemployment rate is the percentage of a country's labor force that are without jobs but are available to work and actively seeking employment. Ghana’s unemployment rate is above the worldwide unemployment rate, and compared to other Sub-Saharan African countries and other regions, Ghana has a relatively average rate of unemployment. Ghana’s population Due to the nature of its economy and its population size of over 30 million people, Ghana’s estimated GDP per capita amounts to just over 2,200 U.S. dollars in 2018 and forecast to rise continually over the next few years. Almost half of the country’s population works in the services sector, and around 33 percent work in agriculture. The population is relatively young, with only around 3 percent of the total population aged 65 years or older. Ghana’s hopeful future One of the most important economic centers of its region, Ghana’s GDP is at over 65 billion U.S. dollars, and it is projected to grow to over 97 billion U.S. dollars by 2024. Ghana is a country with several valuable natural resources, including gold, petroleum, cocoa, and natural gas. The country’s economy is particularly focused on manufacturing and exporting digital technology goods, and industrial materials. Ghana utilizes these exports domestically as well; its mixed economy is increasingly digital based. A regional leader, it has the goal of being the first African nation to become a developed country in the next decade. There are several positive indications encouraging this possibility, such as that GDP has grown each year, albeit at inconsistent rates. 
How many incorporated places are registered in the U.S.? There were 19,495 incorporated places registered in the United States in 2018. 16,411 had a population under 10,000 and in contrast, only 10 cities had a population of one million or more. Small-town America Suffice it to say, almost nothing is more idealized in the American imagination than small-town America. When asked where they would prefer to live, 30 percent of Americans reported that they would prefer to live in a small town. Americans tend to prefer small-town living due to a perceived slower pace of life, close-knit communities, and a more affordable cost of living when compared to large cities. An increasing population Despite a preference for small-town life, metropolitan areas in the U.S. still see high population figures, with the New York, Los Angeles, and Chicago metro areas being the most populous in the country. Metro and state populations are projected to increase by 2040, so while some may move to small towns to escape city living, those small towns may become more crowded in the upcoming decades. 
 This statistic gives information on the number of registered users of the chat-app LINE. As of the beginning of October 2014, the Japanese chat app had 560 million users worldwide, up from 400 million users in April 2014. LINE and LINE Game LINE is a global chat app developed for Android and iOS smartphones which has since expanded to other mobile platforms and a desktop client. Originally created during the aftermath of the Tōhoku earthquake in March 2011, LINE was initially developed as an internet-based communication platform that could function without the then-damaged telecommunications infrastructure in Japan. LINE supports text and multimedia messaging and revealed a daily message volume of 10 billion messages in early April 2014. Users can also send photos, purchase stickers similar to emoji and make free voice calls similar to Skype. LINE’s free messaging service proved a popular alternative to text-messaging and the app reached 100 million registered users within 18 months of its release. Aside from the instant messaging features, LINE has also integrated social networking elements such as user profiles as well as a personal timeline that allows users to share personal status messages with contacts in real-time. Despite being devised as a mobile messenger, LINE has successfully transformed into a social app platform with a strong social gaming presence. Since launching in July 2012, the chat app’s gaming platform LINE Game has passed 300 million downloads. To access LINE Game content, users need a LINE account. The games feature strong social components as well as in-app purchases and thus strongly contribute to the company’s revenue stream. 
 The global advertising market experienced some fairly turbulent times between 2000 and 2010, seeing growth rates as high as 11.3 percent as well as lows reaching -9.5 percent during that time period. However, since 2011 the situation has stabilized, and advertising spending growth remained on average at roughly five percent. According to projections, in 2022 ad spending will have grown by 4.5 percent. Global advertising in 2021 Not surprisingly, the internet will be the largest advertising medium in 2022, accounting for a little over half of global ad expenditures that year. Television, which has been the undisputed favorite among advertisers, will be overtaken by digital media. Between 2018 and 2021 TV is forecast to lose close to 4.3 billion U.S. dollars, while mobile internet is expected to gain 90 billion dollars in the same period. Half of major media, except for mobile internet, cinema, outdoor and radio are projected to lose investments in those three years. All in all, North America will still be the most prominent region, with the U.S. poised to hold the crown for the largest advertising market in 2021. Canada and Mexico will take the second and third spots within the region, but on a global scale are not predicted to rank anywhere close to the top three markets. As a matter of fact, Asian countries, China and Japan will close the top three, making Asia the second leading region in terms of ad expenditures. 
 In 2018, 92 people died as a result of MDMA/ecstasy use in England and Wales, this was by far the highest amount of recorded deaths in the 25-year period shown. Since the turn of the century, the number of deaths has remained relatively high apart from a drastic fall in 2010 and 2011 before subsequently rising again. Seriousness of MDMA offences In the United Kingdom (UK) MDMA is categorized as a class A drug which means it carries the most severe penalties for both possession and supply. In 2017/18, police in England and Police carried out over 2.7 thousand seizures of ecstasy. This is approximately a 65 percent drop in the number of seizures compared to 2006/07. Comparisons with the rest of Europe Between 2015 and 2017, the UK, as a whole, was only behind the Netherlands, Ireland and Czechia in prevalence of ecstasy use among each respective population. Additionally, the UK had the third largest weight of ecstasy tablets seized in 2016 in Europe, at over 513 thousand kilograms. 
 The statistic depicts the median age of the population in the United Kingdom from 1950 to 2050*. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of United Kingdom's population was 40 years. Population of the United Kingdom The United Kingdom (UK) includes Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) and Northern Ireland, and is a state located off the coast of continental Europe. The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy, which means the Queen acts as representative head of state, while laws and constitutional issues are discussed and passed by a parliament. The total UK population figures have been steadily increasing, albeit only slightly, over the last decade; in 2011, the population growth rate was lower than in the previous year for the first time in eight years. Like many other countries, the UK and its economy were severely affected by the economic crisis in 2009. Since then, the unemployment rate has doubled and is only recovering slowly. UK inhabitants tend to move to the cities to find work and better living conditions; urbanization in the United Kingdom has been on the rise. At the same time, population density in the United Kingdom has been increasing due to several factors, for example, the rising number of inhabitants and their life expectancy at birth, an increasing fertility rate, and a very low number of emigrants. In fact, the United Kingdom is now among the 20 countries with the highest life expectancy at birth worldwide. As can be seen above, the median age of UK residents has also been increasing significantly since the seventies; another indicator for a well-working economy and society. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New York Yankees games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 47.62 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the top 50 metropolitan areas with the highest birth rate in the United States in 2018. Birth rate is the total number of live births per 1,000 of a population in a particular year. Hinesville metro area in Georgia was ranked first with 20.36 births per 1,000 population in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the number of deaths in Afghanistan due to terrorism between year 2007 and 2018. In 2018, 9,961 people were killed by terrorists in Afghanistan. Afghanistan suffered from 1,294 terrorist attacks that year. 
 According to a 2017 Statista survey, 87 percent of the U.S. respondents use their headphones to listen to music. Other common uses of headphones included watching movies or TV shows and listening to the radio. Headphone Market The retail value of global headphone shipments was forecast to reach 26.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, a more than threefold increase in six years. Headphone unit shipments are projected to reach 400 million worldwide in 2019. According to the same Statista survey, Sony is the headphone brand that most U.S. consumers owned as of 2017, followed by Bose and Beats by Dre, an Apple subsidiary. Hearables Hearables, or smart headphones, are the type of wireless in-ear audio devices that, apart from providing sound, combine features such as active noise cancellation, fitness tracking, wireless transmission, etc. Apple, Sony and Samsung are U.S. consumers’ most preferred hearable brands as of 2019, showcasing the tech giants’ dominance in this emerging market. True wireless hearables, such as the Apple AirPods, are also becoming more and more popular, with unit shipments forecast to amount to 129 million in 2020. 
 This statistic displays the average number of children per household in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2017/18, by decile group. Households among all the decile groups had an average of 0.4 to 0.7 children per household. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in Greece from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Greece was at 0.77 percent compared to the previous year. For comparison, inflation in India amounted to 9.44 percent that same year. 
 In 2018, GDP per capita in Vietnam amounted to around 2,551 U.S. dollars. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. Vietnam’s economy In the last decade, the Vietnamese economy has experienced consistent economic growth with a six to seven percent increase in GDP from year to year. The country’s economy is fueled by its exports of natural resources and agricultural products, though since 2008 its information technology hardware exports have risen substantially. Vietnam’s agriculture and service sectors generate over 56 percent of Vietnam’s gross domestic product. Vietnam’s population The majority of Vietnam’s population works in the agriculture or service industries, and the country has one of the world’s lowest unemployment rates at just 1.8 percent in 2018. The population is relatively young, with the median age expected to reach 32.5 years by 2020. The median age has increased significantly from its low point of 18.2 years in 1970, around the time Vietnam was being devastated by war. Since then, the country’s population has increased as well, reaching over 94 million people in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the Retail Price Index (RPI) in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2000 to 2018. During this period, the RPI rose to 281.6 points. With the exception of 2009 - which the annual percentage change to RPI shows as a decrease - there was an increase in the index every year. The UK Retail Price Index of services shows that there was also steady growth throughout this period, although this trend was not mirrored by the UK Retail Price Index of goods whereby there was some initial fluctuation which was then followed by substantial annual increases. Fluctuation can also be found in monthly RPI, whereby RPI experienced a decline in each January, before gradually increasing throughout the remainder of the year. A very similar trend is found in the monthly Retail Price Index Jevons (RPIJ). In addition, an RPI inflation forecast is also accessible. 
 The total population of Germany was slightly above 82.9 million inhabitants in 2019, and is expected to remain around 82.7 million through 2024. They country is the most populated country in the European Union, followed by France with just over 65 million inhabitants. A working population Germany’s population has a balanced age structure, with a steady percentage of the population being of working age. Over 70 percent of the German workforce is employed in the services sector, the economic sector that generates the largest percentage of the country’s gross domestic product (GDP). The business confidence index for the services sector has been consistently growing over the last years, increasing to 34.23 index points in 2019. A prosperous economy Congruous to this increased confidence, GDP was about 3.96 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, and is projected to increase to 4.71 billion U.S. through 2024. Another contributing factor to Germany’s strong, stable economy is the country’s low inflation rate, which has stayed between 0.3 and 1.5 percent in the past last five years. Moreover, unemployment has remained low, decreasing through 2018. 
 As of 2017, around 91.5 percent of children in the U.S. aged 19 to 35 months had been vaccinated against measles, mumps and rubella (MMR). The MMR vaccine is widely used around the world and is recommended by the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention (CDC) for adults who don’t have immunity and all children. Measles The number of cases of measles in the United States has dropped significantly since the introduction of the MMR vaccination. However, there has been a recent increase in measles cases, due to the growth of the vaccine hesitancy movement. Despite claims from this movement, the MMR vaccine is safe and effective. One dose of the MMR vaccine is around 93 percent effective against measles, while two doses is 97 percent effective. Mumps The MMR vaccine has resulted in a similar decrease in the rate of mumps cases in the U.S. One dose of the MMR vaccine is 78 percent effective against mumps, while two doses is 88 percent effective. Although the MMR vaccine is safe and effective, like any medicine it can have side effects. Common side effects include fever, a mild rash and temporary joint pain and stiffness. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of the most valuable sports athletes brands in the world in 2017. The most valuable athlete brand in 2017 is Roger Federer. 
 Exchange rates fluctuate against each other constantly. The rate in which one currency performs against another depends on the demand that it generates at any given time. Exchange rates are affected by several factors including international trade, tourism and geopolitical tensions. The Euro to Australian annual average exchange rate in 2019 increased from the previous year. Euro gains strength against the Brexit Pound One good example of geopolitical risks having a negative effect on the strength of a currency is to look at the British Pound post Brexit referendum. The average annual exchange rate of the Euro to GBP increased significantly between 2015 and 2018. The Euro vs the world Since 2016, the euro has performed well against several other currencies. The Euro to U.S dollar had seen its annual average exchange rate increase by .07 between 2016 and 2018, after slightly decreasing in 2019. Against the Indian Rupee, the Euro had performed even better, with the average annual exchange rate equaling 78.84 in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Brazil from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Brazilian population was 31.4 years. Brazil as a developing nation The average age of the Brazil’s population has risen from a low of 18.2 years in 1965 to 31.2 years in 2015, a typical change in developing nations, and other demographic parameters support this trend: As of 2014, the share of children under 14 years of age stood at around 23.5 percent, a great improvement from earlier times. Since 2005, the fertility rate has also dropped significantly, but now it is even lower than the natural replacement rate at 1.78 children per woman. Over the same period of time, life expectancy has also risen to 74.4 years of age - higher than the average for developing nations. These changes typically happen as a result of developing countries becoming more modernized and economically diverse. Brazil’s economy had been getting significantly stronger and per capita GDP peaked in 2011 at a much higher value than the regional average for Latin America and the Caribbean. However, the Brazilian economy has reached a difficult point, and GDP per capita is expected to fall to as low as 7,447 U.S. dollars in 2016. As Brazil’s demographics are now similar to other developing countries, the economy has not been able to maintain a similar path to steady growth. 
 In 2018, the estimated population density of China was around 148 people per square kilometer. This value has slightly increased over the past several years as the total population has increased. Although China is the most populous country in the world, its overall population density is not higher than the average population density in Asia. Uneven population distribution China is one of the largest countries in terms of land area, and its population density figures vary dramatically from region to region. Overall, the coastal regions in the East and Southeast have the highest population densities, as they belong to the more economically developed regions of the country. These coastal regions also have a higher urbanization rate. On the contrary, the regions in the West are covered with mountain landscapes which are not suitable for the development of big cities. Populous cities in China Several Chinese cities rank among the most populous cities in the world. According to estimates, Beijing and Shanghai will rank among the top ten megacities in the world by 2030. Both cities are also the largest Chinese cities in terms of land area. The previous colonial regions, Macao and Hong Kong, are two of the most densely populated cities in the world. 
 In 2019, the unemployment rate in Jamaica was at approximately 9.52 percent, a slight decrease from previous years. Jamaica’s economy is in good shape Although on a steady downward trend after peaking at over 15 percent in 2013, Jamaica’s unemployment rate is still quite high but not alarmingly high in global comparison. More than half of the island’s population live in urban areas and cities already, and the numbers are rising. Most working Jamaicans are employed in the services sector, mainly tourism, but agriculture has been slightly growing as well – no surprise, since Jamaica is not only rich in resources but also cultivates and exports sugar, coconuts, bananas, cocoa, and citrus fruits, among other commodities. The hottest vacation destination Travel and tourism provide a large share of Jamaica’s gross domestic product (GDP). The island is one of the most popular tourist destinations for Americans, for example, and reported more than 2.3 million overnight tourist arrivals in 2017 alone – a remarkable increase over the last decade and a new record for the country. Many of these tourists visit in December, and in 2017, a winter vacation in the warm Caribbean has even outranked a stay during the summer months. 
 Per capita cigarette consumption in the United States has decreased in recent years, with smokers in 2015 consuming an average of 1,078 cigarettes per capita. In total, there were around 267 billion cigarettes consumed in the U.S. that year. Cigarette consumption in the U.S. has decreased due to public policies limiting where people can smoke, higher taxes on cigarettes, and increased awareness by the general public of the health risks associated with smoking. Smokers in the U.S. Even though cigarette consumption has decreased, there are still around 38 million people in the U.S. who regularly smoke cigarettes. This is around 15.5 percent of the entire population. However, in the year 2000, 23 percent of the population smoked, a significant difference from present day figures. Smoking remains more common among males than females and rates of smoking among adolescents have decreased. Health risks Smoking has been proven to increase the risk of a variety of diseases and is the leading cause of preventable death in the U.S. Smoking harms almost every organ in the body and increases a person’s chance of developing lung cancer, heart disease, and stroke. For example, men who smoke are 25 times more likely to develop lung cancer than men who don’t smoke. Furthermore, around 81 percent of all deaths from lung, bronchus and trachea cancer can be attributed to cigarette smoking. 
 The Chainsmokers were at the top of the ranking of highest-paid DJs in 2019 with a total income of 46 million U.S. dollars, knocking Calvin Harris off the top spot. The Chainsmokers had an annual income of 46 million U.S. dollars, and were among the highest-paid musicians of 2019. Known for hits including '#Selfie', 'Sick Boy' and 'Honest', the duo frequently collaborate with other artists and have even worked with Coldplay on popular track 'Something Just Like This'. Also featuring in the list was Tiësto (real name Tijs Michiel Verwest) who worked with The Chainsmokers on 'Split (Only U)'. Fellow dutch DJ Martin Garrix made 19 million U.S. dollars that year, an impressive figure for an artist aged just 23 years old at the time. Martin Garrix Garrix was born in Amstelveen in the Netherlands in 1996 and was discovered by Tiësto in 2012, going on to sign with Spinnin’ Records that year. The Dutch DJ and record producer achieved fame for his popular song ‘Animals’, which was released on iTunes in 2013. The song was well-received commercially as well as in the EDM music scene, and the music video has amassed over one billion views on YouTube since its release. In 2018, the DJ was given the honor of playing live at the closing ceremony of the Pyeonchang 2018 Winter Olympics, performing as the closing act of the night. Garrix has also played at multiple festivals and even done modeling work with Armani Exchange. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate of the Ukraine from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate of the Ukraine amounted to approximately 9.31 percent of the total labor force. The economic situation in Ukraine Amid the political and economic crisis, Ukraine’s unemployment is rising. When Russia seized and annexed Crimea in March of 2014, pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych was also ousted and the economy of Ukraine took a hard hit. This resulted in sharp reductions in Ukraine’s GDP, and likely caused a sharp increase in unemployment as well. Before the turmoil, Russia was Ukraine’s most important import and export partner, having a significant impact on GDP after tension arose. Meanwhile, Ukraine was and still is getting itself out of economic despair; Ukraine has amassed more debt with the IMF than Greece and is trying to reduce this debt by implementing hyper-austerity, which involves making cuts to public spending. Spending on unemployment and disability insurance is a part of these cuts, which is not ideal for the Ukrainian people considering that the unemployment rate is expected to reach a rate of 11.47 percent in 2015. In times of increasing unemployment, a struggling economy and an inflation rate reaching almost 50 percent, 2015 is and will be a tough, if not desastrous year for the Ukrainian people. However, the outlook beyond 2015 is brighter and hopefully unemployment will drop beyond its peak in 2015. 
 As of June 2019 Conor McGregor, aka The Notorious, is still the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) fighter with the highest career earnings directly from UFC fights with approximately 12 million U.S. dollars. This does not include any undisclosed pay-per-view bonuses or any other bonuses. It also does not include any payments prior to UFC 46 in 2004. McGregor made over 75 million fighting Floyd Mayweather Next to any commercial or merchandize deals Conor McGregor made over 75 million U.S. dollars on a single boxing fight versus (now former) professional boxer Floyd Mayweather on August 26th 2017. Conor McGregor retired from Mixed Martial Arts on March 26th 2019. His last official UFC fight was against Khabib Nurmagomedov on October 6th 2018 at UFC 229, which McGregor lost via Neck Crank, a submission move. Georges St-Pierre most takedowns and strikes landed Georges St-Pierre, who retired just a month prior to Conor McGregor currently still holds the records for most strikes landed as well as most takedowns landed in the UFC worldwide. In direct fight earning he comes in 5th behind Michael Bisping, however these placings will change rather quickly over time for retired fighters. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey, conducted in 2013 among adult Americans, on whether they believe the glass is half full or half empty. 50 percent of respondents said they consider themselves optimists. The optimism and pessimism of the American people Optimism is defined as a mental attitude or worldview that favors a positive outcome, while pessimism favors a negative outcome or prediction. Depression in the United States is very common. In 2013, around 8.7 percent of U.S. adults aged between 18 and 25 reported that they had a major depression episode within the past year. Major depressive episodes in the United States are most common among American females. The number of prescription antidepressant drug use among women in the United States has increased by more than 10 percent between 1988 and 2012. Also in 2013, about one third of U.S. adults stated that they were happier than expected. The general optimism and pessimism in a nation are often the result of its economic situation. The unemployment rate in the United States has been steadily decreasing every year since 2010; furthermore, it is expected to constantly decrease further until 2020. The prospering economy and increasing gross domestic product per capita in the United States is another source of optimism for the American people: The GDP per capita in the United States in 2014 was around 54,600 U.S. dollars. Moreover, it has been steadily increasing since 2010. In a survey conducted in July 2012, one third of Americans who defined themselves as lower-class stated that they were “not too happy” with their current lives. On the other hand, there was a larger percentage of people whom, according to themselves, belong to the upper class that stated that they were “very happy” with their current lives. In addition, upper- and middle-class American adults are more optimistic about the country’s long-term economic future in comparison to lower-class American adults. 
 Since 1980 the U.S. birth rate for twins has risen significantly. As of 2018 the birth rate for twins in the U.S. was 32.6 per 1,000 live births. It is believed that an increase in the twin birth rate may be associated with an increased use of vitro fertilization and other assisted reproductive technologies in recent years. U.S. twin births Across the U.S. twin birth rates vary in a variety of ways. The U.S. states with the highest twin birth rates are Connecticut and the District of Columbia. Ethnicity is another factor to be considered when investigating the twin birth rate. Since 1980 the U.S. twin birth rate has increased among all ethnicities, however, it has increased more among non-Hispanic black mothers and less among Hispanic mothers. And finally, age is another important factor in twin birth rates. As of 2018, mothers between the ages of 45-54 had the highest twin birth rates in the United States. Assisted reproductive technology Assisted reproductive technology (ART) is a treatment used to treat infertility among men and women. A common complication associated with ART is multiple births (twins, triplets, etc.). In the U.S., among all ART pregnancies the most common outcome was a single infant birth, followed by multiple infant births. Among all U.S. ART cycles (including those that did not lead to pregnancy) using non-donor eggs or embryos multiple-fetus pregnancy may be present in up to six percent of cases. 
 The statistic shows the total population in the United States from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of the U.S. amounted to approximately 327.35 million inhabitants. The United States' economy over the last decade The United States of America is the world’s largest national economy and the second most prominent trader globally, trailing just behind China. The country is also one of the most populated countries in the world, trailing only China and India. The United States' economy prospers primarily due to having a plentiful amount of natural resources and advanced infrastructure to cope with the production of goods and services, as well as the population and workforce to enable high productivity. Efficient productivity led to a slight growth in GDP almost every year over the past decade, despite undergoing several economic hardships towards the late 2000's. In addition, the United States holds arguably one of the most important financial markets, with the majority of countries around the world having commercial connections with American companies. Dependency on a single market like the United States has however caused several global dilemmas, most evidently seen during the 2008 financial crisis. What initially started off as a bursting of the U.S. housing bubble lead to a worldwide recession and the necessity to reform national economics. The global financial crisis affected the United States most drastically, especially within the unemployment market as well as national debt, which continued to rise due to the United States having to borrow money in order to stimulate its economy. 
 This list shows the top 25 wealthiest billionaires worldwide in 2019. As of 2019, Jeff Bezos had assets valued at 131 billion U.S. dollars, making him the richest man in the world. 
 In recent years the number of nail salons in the United States has been shrinking, with there being a total of 54,386 salons nation-wide in 2018. This compares to 56,886 salons in 2017 and 69,738 salons in 2016. Nail salons Nail salons are distinguished from general beauty salons in that they offer primarily nail care services, with gel-polish, manicures and pedicures being the most common services offered. Prices for these services generally range between 20 and 50 U.S. dollars – much lower than for many other beauty treatments. Despite this low unit price the industry is capable of generating significant revenue, with over eight billion U.S. dollars being spent on nail care services in the U.S. every year since 2013. Nail salon employment Sources differ in determining how many people are employed in the U.S nail care industry. On one count, using a broader definition of nail technician, the industry employed just over 395,000 people in 2018. However, using a stricter definition of manicurists and pedicurists, another count puts this figure at just over 110,000. Aside from the differing definitions used, this discrepancy is likely affected by: the decentralized nature of the industry, with many salons being small, independent businesses; inconsistent registration requirements between different states; and the nature of the workforce itself, which includes many recent immigrants, some of which are undocumented (and therefore likely not reported as employees). 
 Toyota's revenue in the 2019 fiscal year varied significantly across Toyota’s sales regions. Japan generated the largest amount of revenue for the Toyota Motor Corporation in 2019 with 16.6 trillion Japanese yen (or about 153.3 billion U.S. dollars). North America, the second largest revenue generator for Toyota, brought in 10.8 trillion Japanese yen during that year (or about 99.7 billion U.S. dollars). Toyota company overview Toyota is a motor corporation located in Toyota City, Japan. The company's history goes back some 80 years to its foundation in 1937. Toyota has grown to become one of the largest automobile manufacturer worldwide with total yearly assets and employee numbers on the rise. Toyota’s industry rankings Toyota is listed among the top ten most reliable car brands in the United States. As for total worldwide sales it is Volkswagen Group, Renault-Nissan and Toyota Motor Corporation that are ranked among the top three manufacturers. 
 This statistic shows the number of people employed in the coal mining industry in the United Kingdom (UK) from 1920 to 2018. Once a major powerhouse of the UK's economy, the coal industry was the lifeblood of several regions, providing employment for more than one million workers. Since that time, shifting attitudes towards coal and the emergence of alternative energy sources such as wind and solar have seen coal's role in the UK's energy mix diminish in recent years. There are fewer coal mines in operation, and the price of coal has fallen, making the production and consumption of coal a less attractive prospect than it used to be. Each of these factors has lead to the coal industry contracting, and the loss of coal mining jobs. With the exception of South and Central America, and the Asia Pacific region, most regions around the world saw a drop in coal consumption. North America, for example, reported a decline of 6 percent from 2017 to 2018. The shrinking number of jobs has not been isolated to the UK, with a similar reductions seen in the United States.
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Singapore from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in Singapore is expected to reach 4.5 million, up from four million in 2017. Further information With more than 2 billion monthly active users, Facebook is the most popular social network worldwide. Popular activities on the social network include watching videos, liking content via button, reading articles and messaging friends on 1-1 basis. In July 2016, Facebook Messenger surpassed one billion monthly active users, placing it directly next to Facebook-owned competitor WhatsApp. Facebook successfully managed the transition from social network to mobile social platform, nearing one billion monthly active users and with mobile accounting for 77 percent of the social network’s total advertising revenue in 2015. Mobile is also the keyword regarding the online market in Singapore; in 2017, 3.55 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2021, this figure is projected to amount to 4.07 million mobile phone internet users. As of July 2016, the internet penetration among the population in Singapore was 82.5 percent. A total of 3.7 million users access social media via mobile on a monthly basis, making the country one of the smallest Facebook markets in the Southeast Asian region. The average internet connection speed in Singapore is 16.5 Mbps, ranking fourth behind market leader’s, South Korea’s, average speed of 29 Mbps. Singapore also ranked fifth in terms of internet freedom in Asia according to the Freedom House Index in 2015. 
 This statistic shows information on the annual revenue development of Zalando from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, Zalando generated roughly 5.39 billion euros in revenues, an increase compared to the previous year at 4.49 billion euros. Revenues grew from six million euros in 2009. Zalando is a Berlin-based fashion e-tailer specializing in shoes and clothing from a wide range of different brands. The company was founded in Germany in 2008 and since expanded its operations to multiple other countries in Europe and worldwide. 
 This statistic presents the sales of the largest watch companies worldwide in 2012. In that year, the Swatch Group was the largest watch company in the world with sales amounting to approximately 6.96 million Swiss Francs. In 2015, Rolex was by far the most valuable Swiss watch brand. The overall brand value of Rolex was placed at 7.25 billion Swiss Francs in 2015, more than double the brand value of Omega at 3.5 billion Swiss Francs. The watch market has recently seen non-traditional watch manufacturers bring so-called 'smart watches' on to the market. As well as being able to perform normal chronometer functions, smart watches can perform functions such as schedule management, communication, connecting to the internet, heart rate monitoring and other fitness related functions. As shown by Apple's position on the list of top 10 watch brands among upper-income U.S teens in 2016, it is clear that this has had some effect on the shape of the market. While Rolex remains the top brand by a significant margin, Apple sit either equal to or ahead of brands such as Casio, Fossil and Nike. 
 This statistic shows the cumulative amount of dollars pledged to project funding on Kickstarter from July 2012 to October 2019. As of the last reported period, more than 4.56 billion U.S. dollars had been pledged to projects on the crowdfunding platform. The early 2000s saw the launch of one of the first internet crowdfunding platforms in the United States called ArtistShare. The main object of the platform was to help musicians to complete their artistic projects, such as albums or tours, with the financial help of their fans. Upon the company’s success, similar crowdfunding websites started appearing around the world. Some of the most successful crowdfunding platforms today are IndieGoGo, GoFundMe, and Fig. Kickstarter, which launched in 2009, is one of the largest crowdfunding platforms in the world, having launched over 460,000 projects and having received pledges worth more than 4.56 billion U.S. dollars as of October 2019. Unlike other crowdfunding companies, Kickstarter focuses on mainly creative projects, from craft ideas to music albums or technological innovations and imposes a time limit for each campaign. If the project fails to reach its funding goal, it is dropped and the pledges are returned to the backers. According to statistics released by Kickstarter, the success rate of fully funding a project on the crowdfunding website was only 37 percent. The largest number of successful campaigns has raised between 1 thousand and 9.99 thousand dollars, although a select 385 campaigns have managed to raise in excess of 1 million U.S. dollars each. Although Kickstarter does not release information on its own earnings, the company does make profits by charging a 5 percent fee to the collected funds of successful projects. However, if a campaign does not reach its goal in the estimated amount of time, no amount is charged. 
 The statistic shows the size of the virtual private network (VPN) market worldwide, from 2016 to 2022. In 2022, the global VPN market is forecast to reach 35.73 billion U.S. dollars. Virtual private networks are designed to extend a network securely from a private location, such as a business or home, across a public network, as if the network were directly linked. VPNs are popular among consumers for obfuscating their real location, whether to access geo-blocked services or bypass censorship or other restrictions. Among enterprises, VPNs are often set up to allow employees to access corporate intranets while travelling or working from home. 
 The statistic shows the countries with the highest average internet speed during the first quarter of 2017, measured in Megabits per second. During that quarter, IPv4 internet connections in Norway averaged a connection speed of 23.5 Mbps. The global average internet connetcion speed was 7.2 Mbps.Average internet speeds are higher in developed Asian countries; South Korea leads with an average internet speed of 29 Mbps more than 10 Mbps higher than Japan. This is a growth of more than 24 percent to the first quarter of the previous year.The U.S. states with the highest average internet speed include Delaware, District of Columbia and Utah, with first-ranking D.C. having an average internet speed of some 24 Mbps.That same year, 68 percent of internet users in South Korea enjoyed a internet speed of over 10 Mbps, which is classed as high broadband connectivity. Next in the 10 Mbps broadband adoption rate ranking are Switzerland and the Netherlands with 61 and 60 percent of high broadband connectivity. Both the Netherlands and Switzerland's relatively small size combined with their wealth are a significant factor in terms of telecommunications infrastructure upgrades.Up until the beginning of 2014, average internet speeds worldwide were under 4 Mbps and by the third quarter of 2015, global internet speed averaged at 5.1 Mbps. 
 Since it was first released by developer Bluehole in March 2017, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG) has developed a loyal legion of fans. While the battle royale game only sold two million copies within the first few months of its Early Access release on Steam, this number had jumped to 50 million units just a year later in June 2018. One of the biggest games on Steam PUBG is an online multiplayer game which pits up to 100 players against each other at one time. The players must scavenge for weapons and items while killing enemies and trying to survive. The map shrinks over time in order to force the remaining players into combat until only one player or team is left standing. Given the scale of the game, it is unsurprising that it attracts large amounts of players – on the gaming platform Steam, PUBG peaked at almost 3.24 million concurrent players in January 2018. The game is also Steam’s biggest draw in terms of hourly average number of players – PUBG averaged almost 853 thousand players per hour in 2018, almost twice the figure of its closest competitor, DOTA 2. So is the game unrivalled in the battle royale genre? PUBG’s biggest rival Not if you ask fans of Fortnite. Released by Epic Games in July 2017, just a few months after the launch of PUBG, Fortnite is a similar battle royale survival game. While it is not available on Steam, it can be played on PC as well as on all the main consoles. Similarly to PUBG, Fortnite became an overnight sensation and latest figures have the game at a staggering 250 million registered users. The mobile version of the game has also been a commercial success, generating annual revenue of 455 million U.S. dollars in the Apple App Store alone in 2018. Given that PUBG won the Best Multiplayer Game at The Game Awards 2017 and Fortnite won the very same award a year later, it seems that the rivalry between these games shows no signs of slowing down. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Malaysia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 76.04 percent of Malaysia's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Urban areas in Malaysia Malaysia is currently one of the most urbanized countries of East Asia, and also one of the most rapidly urbanized regions around the world; over the last ten years, the urban population in Malaysia has increased from around 66 percent in 2004 to 74 percent in 2014. This growth is expected to continue, as people from rural areas migrate to urban areas due to the economy and employment continuing to shift from agriculture to industry and services. At present, the largest city in terms of population is Kuala Lumpur, which is home to around 1.31 million inhabitants - which is still relatively small, considering that the entire population of Malaysia amounts to around 31 million. Malaysia is also home to a number of smaller urban areas, and there are three other urban areas with more than 500,000 inhabitants. Urban areas in Malaysia, notably Kuala Lumpur, are less dense than is common for urban areas in East Asia. This means that dealing with and limiting sprawl will be a challenge. As the urban transformation continues, there is still a chance to find a balance between urban and rural settlements in an equitable, compact and sustainable manner. 
 In 2019, the number of Facebook users in Thailand was expected to reach 26.9 million, up from 26.3 million in 2018. As of the second quarter of 2019, the social network was accessed by close to two billion users on a monthly basis. Given that there were 40.7 million internet users in Thailand in 2018, more than half of them were using Facebook.Facebook usage in Thailand The digital population in Thailand reached 56 million in 2017, of which 46 million were internet users and 32 million who were engaged online. Facebook was mostly used by men and women between the age of 18 and 34 years old. The most popular Facebook pages contain viral videos, news and celebrities. Hence, video posts had the highest engagement rate among Thai users.Social media in Thailand There were around 33 million social network users in Thailand in 2018. Besides Facebook, Youtube and LINE also had a high penetration rate. In general, social media usage has several implications for the success of e-commerce and businesses. For example, Facebook would serve both as information and online shopping channel for digital consumers. 
 This statistic presents the total number of Costco card holders worldwide from 2014 to 2019. For the 52 weeks ended on September 1, 2019, there were approximately 98.5 million Costco cardholders all over the world. 
 The statistic represents the market size of the global electronics industry in 2016, sorted by country. The Japanese electronics industry generated a total revenue of approximately 286 billion euros in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the forecasted annual growth in worldwide spending in the telecom services industry from 2019 to 2023. Global telecom services spending is projected to grow by 0.62 percent in 2019 compared to 2018. 
 In a span of fifteen years, the population density of Singapore increased by approximately 1.75 thousand people per square kilometer of land area, to approximately 7.87 thousand people per square kilometer. This is due to the population of Singapore increasing over the years within a very limited space. Limited land, expanding population With a population of around 5.7 million people in 2019 and a land area of approximately 720 square kilometers, Singapore was the second most densely populated country in the world, after Monaco. This is not expected to ease in the near future, with the population of Singapore estimated to grow to 6.52 million people in 2035. While this might not come close to the population size of other Asian metropolises such as Tokyo or Bangkok, the lack of land available for development poses a great challenge to the island city-state. Since its independence in 1965, Singapore has increased its land area from 581.5 square kilometers to its current size through land reclamation. However, Singapore’s proximity to Malaysia and the Riau Islands in Indonesia effectively limit the available area for reclamation to its maritime borders. The importance of urban planning Urban planning in Singapore must therefore make effective use of what little land is available without compromising livability. Most residents live in apartments situated in high-rise buildings, with 82 percent of the population living in public housing provided by the Housing Development Board. Rooftop gardens, tree-lined roads and green innovations such as vertical farming and “breathing walls” help soften the presence of all that glass and concrete, earning Singapore its moniker of “Garden City”. Whether and how well Singapore can sustain the quality of life that its residents are used to with an ever-increasing population density in the next twenty years is, however, to be seen. 
 The first case of the new coronavirus (COVID-19) in Germany was recorded in the state of Bavaria on January 28, 2020. The virus originated in Wuhan, a Chinese city populated by millions and located in the province of Hubei. More statistics and facts about the virus are available here. 
 The combined operating revenue of U.S. airlines has increased each year since 2015, reaching an all-time high of just under 239.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Revenue streams Operating revenue is the revenue generated by a company from its primary business activities. In the case of most airlines, we can divide operating revenue into four main types: airfares, ancillary, cargo and other. Airfares is simply the revenue generated from the sale of flights, while cargo is any additional revenue generated from transporting freight or mail in addition to passengers. Ancillary airlines are the additional fees that are sometimes charged to passengers for extra services such as seat allocation, additional baggage, meals and access to an in-flight entertainment system or in-flight Wi-Fi. Ancillary revenue can comprise a significant portion of an airline’s total revenue, especially for low-cost carriers. Finally, other includes revenue from regular non-flight services such as frequent flyer programs or consumer credit cards offered by the airline. U.S. airlines In 2018, the largest four passenger airlines in the U.S. accounted for just under two thirds of the total operating revenue generated by U.S. airlines. The three large full-service network carriers – American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and United – all reported a similar operating revenues in 2018 of between 40 and 45 billion U.S. dollars. Southwest Airlines – the fourth-largest U.S. airline and largest U.S. low-cost carrier – generated operating revenues around half that of the large network carriers. 
 The statistic represents John Deere's (Deere & Company's) net sales worldwide from 2001 to 2019. In 2016, the company had net sales of about 23.4 billion U.S. dollars. The company's net income amounted to about 1,521 million U.S. dollars in that year. 
How many iPhones have been sold in 2018? In the fourth quarter of 2018 alone, Apple sold 46.89 million iPhones worldwide, a figure which slightly outpaced its sales from the corresponding quarter of 2017. In entire 2018, 217.72 million iPhones were shipped worldwide. Apple typically releases at least one new version of its iPhone each year, a strategy which has helped the company consistently pull in quarterly sales figures in the tens of millions. iPhone’s popularity As of 2019, estimates suggest that the United States is home to around 266 million smartphone users, cementing the country’s place as a major regional market within the industry. Of those U.S. based smartphone consumers, over 45 percent are Apple iPhone users. This market share figure speaks to the iPhone’s massive popularity within its domestic market, but how does the product fare internationally? At a global scale, Apple’s flagship product faces increased competition, especially from established Asian technology firms like Samsung, Huawei, and OPPO. Despite this, the iPhone has consistently ranked among the most popular devices in the world since its initial release in June 2007. Apple products Although the iPhone is the company’s biggest revenue generator by far, Apple offers a multitude of products across a variety of consumer electronics categories. The company’s products include everything from laptops to smartwatches, while additionally offering tech-related services such as an online payment platform and cloud storage. 
 As of February 2020, California had the most mass shootings in the United States, with 20 total shootings since 1982. The source defines a mass shooting as a shooting where four or more people were killed. Firearms in the U.S. Mass shootings in the United States are disturbingly common. In comparison with other Western countries, there are significantly more shootings in the U.S., which some theorize is due to the relatively lax gun control laws. Gun control laws in the U.S. are dependent on the state, and the right to own a firearm is enshrined in the United States Constitution. Mass shootings The worst mass shooting in the U.S. was the Las Vegas Strip massacre in 2017, which resulted in 58 deaths and 546 injuries. 11 of the worst mass shootings in the United States have occurred since 2015. The vast majority of the shooters in these incidents are males, and since 2000, police have intercepted 277 active shooter incidents in the U.S.
 While roughly 281 billion emails were sent and received each day in 2018, the figure is expected to increase to over 347 billion daily mails in 2022. E-Mail usage worldwide Despite the growth and prominence of mobile messengers and chat apps, e-mail has remained a central part of daily digital life. In 2023, the number of global e-mail users is set to grow to 4.4 billion users, up from 3.8 billion in 2018. In terms of the most popular e-mail clients, Apple and Google are in a constant battle for the top spot. In 2018, Gmail was the second-most popular e-mail client, accounting for 27 percent of e-mail opens, ranking behind the Apple iPhone e-mail client with 29 percent of e-mail opens. The prevalence of these two leading e-mail clients highlights the dominance of mobile when it comes to e-mail opens – mobile e-mail accounted for 43 percent of opens as of December 2018, whereas webmail accounted for 39 percent. This is not particularly surprising given that online usage has undergone a strong shift towards mobile in recent years. Gmail Launched in April 2004, Gmail is currently one of the most popular freemail services in the world. In October 2018, Google's e-mail service reported 1.5 billion active users worldwide. The Gmail app consistently ranks among the top ten smartphone apps in the United States, reaching over half of the mobile U.S. audience. 
 This statistic shows the predicted change in retail prices index (RPI) in the United Kingdom (UK) between 2017 and 2023. A slight and steady decline is forecasted to occur during the period from 2018 to 2023. 
 This statistic shows the top ten countries with the most billionaires per capita in the world in 2015. In 2015, Monaco had the most billionaires per capita at 1 billionaire per 12,600 residents. 
 This statistic shows the population of the Netherlands in 2019, by age. On January 1, 2019 there were approximately 3.8 million people younger than 20 years living in the Netherlands. The largest age group was formed by those between 40 and 65 years old. Together, they number nearly six million people. The retired population of the Netherlands consists of approximately three million people. Considering this make-up of Dutch society, it is not surprising there are so many debates around increasing the retirement age. The ratio of the non-working population to the working population has decreased between 1950 and today, as this statistic shows. A recent forecast however indicates that this ratio might not decrease much further in the next 40 years, meaning the number of working people to support the non-working people will more or less remain stable. 
 In the UK, more women than men purchased clothing and sports goods over the internet in 2019. According to an annual survey conducted and released by the UK’s Office for National Statistics, 64 percent of women purchased clothing items online within the last 12 months, and more prevalently in the younger age groups across both genders. UK shops online for clothing and furniture For British consumers, clothing and sports goods are the most popular category to shop online. 55 percent of individuals in British households purchased goods and items in this category in 2018. Clothing was followed by household goods such as furniture, which were popular with 48 percent of online shoppers. UK consumers spend more shopping online UK consumers are ahead in Europe when it comes to purchasing fashion and sporting items online. In 2018, the UK had the highest average annual spending per capita for online shopping as well. Against the UK’s per capita spending of 942 euros, consumers in Nordic countries spent 717 euros in total for online shopping. As it is, UK consumers spent more than Polish and Italian consumers combined. 
 Halloween is a widely celebrated tradition in the United States, with almost 70 percent of Americans planning to participate in Halloween celebrations in 2019. Halloween is celebrated in the United States in various ways, with handing out candy and pumpkin carving being two of the most popular Halloween activities. Halloween Halloween is celebrated around the world on October 31. It is celebrated in many ways, such as trick-or-treating, carving pumpkins, and dressing up in costumes. This is also a popular time of year for horror and slasher movies, with many movies of this genre released for the Halloween season. Many believe that the origins of Halloween date back to the ancient Gaelic festival of Samhain, which marked the end of summer and the harvest season as well as the beginning of winter. It is a time of year which was often associated with death, as some people believed that on the night before the new year, the boundary between the worlds of the living and the dead became blurred. Therefore, they celebrated this night as they believed that the ghosts of the dead returned to earth. Halloween in the United States Halloween generates a substantial amount of money for the U.S. economy, as Americans spend significant sums over the Halloween season. The majority of consumers’ money goes towards the purchase of costumes, decorations and candy. Dressing up in a costume has become a popular part of Halloween celebrations. 
 The number of U.S. citizens aged six and above that participated roller skating amounted to approximately 11.8 million in 2017. This number has almost halved in size over the past 10 years. The two types of roller skating Roller skating is a recreational activity or sport where participants can choose to use either inline skates or 2x2 wheel skates. Inline skates typically have two to four wheels that are arranged in a single line. 2x2 wheel skates, or quad skates, have two front and two real wheels. In 2017, there were approximately 5.3 million participants in inline skating in the U.S., while 2x2 wheel skating proved the more popular of the two engaging around 6.3 million U.S. participants. Who spends the most time on outdoor activities? It has been found that children participate more often in outdoor activities than older age groups. In a 2017 survey it was shown that 61 percent of children aged six to twelve participated at least once in an outdoor activity. Comparatively, only 37 percent of respondents aged 45 and older participated in outdoor recreational activities. 
 This statistic presents and estimate of Instagram's revenue from the first quarter of 2017 to the fourth quarter of 2020. In the fourth quarter of 2020, the photo sharing app is projected to generate 6.8 billion U.S. dollars in global revenues, up from an estimated 3.3 billion U.S. dollars in the second quarter of 2019. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of the tennis players with the most weeks at the number one spot in the ATP world tennis rankings since the inauguration of the ranking in 1973, when Ilie Nastase became the first No. 1 on August 23, 1973. Rafael Nadal has been ranked No. 1 a total of 196 weeks. The ATP World Rankings The Emirates ATP Rankings, colloquially called ‘the world rankings’, is a historical objective merit-based method used for determining entry and seeding in all tournaments for both singles and doubles’ according to the Association of Tennis Professionals (ATP). The ranking takes into account the results of the immediate past 52 weeks. Ranking lists are usually issued each Monday except during the duration of the four Grand Slam tournaments and the events in Miami and Indian Wells. The tournaments taken into account for the ranking are the four Grand Slam tournaments, the ATP World Tour Masters 1000, ATP 500, ATP 250, the challenger and the futures tournaments. The winner of one of the Grand Slam tournaments, for example, is awarded 2,000 ranking points, while the runner-up gets 1,200 ranking points. The Masters, challengers and futures tournaments are less valuable than the Grand Slam tournaments in regards to the number of ranking points a player can gain. Since ATP introduced its computerized ranking system in 1973, 25 men have been ranked as the world number one. Roger Federer, winner of a record 19 Grand Slam titles in his career, also holds the record for the most total weeks at number one, with 302 weeks spanning over three separate periods. This achievement bettered the record of Pete Sampras who held the number one spot for 286 weeks over eleven separate periods. Federer’s record of 302 weeks includes 237 consecutive weeks (1659 days) at number one (February 2, 2004 – August 17, 2008), surpassing the previous record of 160 weeks (1120 days) held by Jimmy Connors. Ivan Lendl and Jimmy Connors are the only other men to have ranked number one for more than 200 weeks in total. Yet Federer remains the only man to be ranked number one for over 300 weeks, a feat that has also been achieved by female players Martina Navratilova (331 weeks) and Steffi Graf (377 weeks). At the other end of the scale, Pat Rafter is the only man to have the number one position for just a single week, which he achieved in July 1999. 6 players from the United States, including Connors, Sampras, and Andre Agassi, have spent a combined total of 896 week at the top of the rankings, almost three times more than any other country. 
 Ford’s research and development expenditures came to about 7.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, putting an end to the gradual increase in R&D efforts of the past five years. The Michigan-based company appears to be adapting to altered fuel economy regulations and the declining demand for sedans and smaller cars in the United States by developing new designs and products. Focus of research and development activities In light of an increased concern from consumers and policymakers about the impact of fossil fuels on carbon dioxide emissions, Ford is working on a new fleet of electric vehicles with a goal of having sixteen plug-in electric vehicle models to market through 2022. Furthermore, the company's Lincoln brand has announced that it will partner up with unicorn Rivian to build electric vehicles. Another focus of Ford’s research and development department is artificial intelligence (AI). For example, Ford has invested more than one billion U.S. dollars in Argo AI, the most well-funded U.S.-based AI startup. Ford uses Argo AI technology in its vehicles; partially autonomous cars are expected to become a large market by 2025, valued at 36 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives a breakdown of construction industry growth rates in selected regions worldwide in 2013. In the United States, construction output increased by 4.5 percent in 2013. That year, global construction output was estimated to be around 7.5 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 France’s AREVA was one of the largest builders of nuclear reactors in the world. The company specialized in nuclear power and renewable energy. However, after its insolvency, AREVA sold most of its reactors to the French utility, EDF, while nuclear propulsion and research reactors were sold to Agence des participations de l'État. Its nuclear cycle business was also separated to a new company now called Orano. How do nuclear reactors work? Nuclear reactors use the energy generated from splitting atoms. Uranium is the basic fuel used in nuclear reactors. This fission of uranium atoms produces energy that is harnessed as heat in the form of water or a gas and is then used to produce steam. The steam is then used to drive a turbine to produce electricity. What about nuclear waste? After nuclear fuel has spent about three years in a nuclear reactor generating electricity, the fuel becomes nuclear waste. This high-level waste accounts for a small volume of waste but still contains the largest share of the radioactivity levels. Nuclear fuel waste is usually removed underwater and transferred to a storage pool as water can act as both a coolant and a shield. After about five years, this waste can be transferred into dry concrete containers or remain for up to 50 years in the storage pool. In comparison, about 90 percent of nuclear waste is only lightly-contaminated and considered low-level waste. This includes items like tools and work clothing from plant operation. 
 The statistic shows the ten countries with the ten largest populations in mid 2018. In mid 2018, approximately 1.39 billion people lived in China. The largest countries and the global population The total world population amounts to more than 7 billion people, with China reporting the highest number of inhabitants – its total population surpassed the 1.3 billion mark a few years ago and continues to rise. Due to improved living conditions and better health care, the global population continues to increase; mortality rates are decreasing and the median age of the world population has been increasing for the past few years, because people lead healthier lives with access to healthcare and clean water. As for the average life expectancy in industrial and developing countries, the gap is also quite narrow nowadays. Asia is the most populous continent on Earth; several of the largest countries are located there. It leads the ranking of the global population by continent by far, reporting four times as many inhabitants as Africa. Interestingly, the Americas are behind both Africa and Europe on this ranking, with Oceania reporting the lowest numbers of inhabitants. There have been a number of methods suggested with the aim of preventing overpopulation on a global scale ranging from realizable solutions to fantastic theories. One far-fetched solution stretches even to setting up colonies on other planets. It may be some time before this ‘solution’ migrates from the realms of science fiction into science fact, but it highlights the seriousness of the dilemma with which national governments are faced: Population growth is a serious problem, and it can have severe consequences for a country. A fast-growing population rate can cause environmental problems, overpopulation and, subsequently, deteriorating living conditions. Extraterrestrial colonization aside, some countries have already initiated more realistic solutions to counteract overpopulation. Again, China is a prominent example: The Chinese government proclaimed its so-called “one-child policy” as a form of population control, making it illegal for a Chinese family to have more than one child. However successful it might be claimed to have been, this policy is a controversial solution and continues to have a lot of negative effects for the Chinese population. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Serbia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Serbia's real gross domestic product increased by around 4.3 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In the most recent fiscal year, Alphabet's net income amounted to 34.34 billion U.S. dollars, up from 30.74 billion U.S. dollars in the previous year. Alphabet Inc. is an American multinational conglomerate created in 2015 as the parent company of Google and several other companies previously owned by or tied to Google. Alphabet: the company Alphabet’s businesses not only include Google but also a wide range of other companies across various, mostly digital-related verticals. The sheer size of the company is even more evident when looking at the market capitalization of the largest U.S. internet companies. As of September 2019, Alphabet had a market cap of 824.7 billion U.S. dollars, ranking just behind online shopping platform Amazon. The e-retailer had a market cap of more than 875 billion U.S. dollars. Alphabet’s annual net revenue in 2019 amounted to 161.9 billion U.S. dollars and has been steadily increasing ever since the company’s formation. The enterprise generates approximately 1.39 million U.S. dollars in revenue per employee, making it a highly effective company. In comparison, Amazon generates 359,671 U.S. dollars of revenue per employee. 
 This statistic shows the reported violent crime in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, an estimated 1,206,836 violent crimes occurred nationwide. Violent crime in the United States The Federal Bureau of Investigation reported that violent crime fell nationwide in the period from 1990 to 2018. Violent crime was at a height of 1.93 million crimes in 1992, but has since reached a low of 1.15 million violent crimes in 2014. When conducting crime reporting, the FBI’s Uniform Crime Reporting Program considered murder, nonnegligent manslaughter, forcible rape, robbery and aggravated assault to be violent crimes, because they are offenses which involve force or threat of violence. In 2018, there were 16,214 reported murder and nonnegligent manslaughter cases in the United States. California, with 1,739 murders in 2018, ranked first on a list of U.S. states by number of murders, followed by Texas (1,322 murders), and Florida (1,107murders). The greatest number of murders were committed by murderers of unknown relationship to their victim. “Girlfriend” was the fourth most common relationship of victim to offender in 2018, with a reported 531 partners murdering their girlfriends that year. Fifth most common was “wife.” Nine people were murdered by their employees. 18 people were murdered by their employers. The most used murder weapon in 2012 was the handgun, which was used in 6,371 murders that year. According to the FBI, firearms (of all types) were used in 67.7 percent of the nation’s murders. A firearm was used in 41.3 percent of robberies in the US in 2011. The total number of firearms manufactured in the U.S. in 2017 reached 8,327,792 units. 
 This statistic depicts the median annual family income in Canada from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, the median annual family income in Canada was 84,950 Canadian dollars. 
 This graph shows the reported aggravated assault rate in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the nationwide rate was 246.8 cases per 100,000 of the population. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Indonesia from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, it is estimated that there will be around 103.1 million social network users in Indonesia, up from 74.2 million in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of McDonald's restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. McDonald's ACSI score was 69 in 2019. The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. McDonald's McDonald’s, which is headquartered in Oak Brook, Illinois, is the world’s largest quick-service restaurant chain. The company is publicly traded and generated more than 21 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in its 2018 fiscal year. Over half of that revenue was generated through franchised restaurants (11.01 billion U.S. dollars in 2018) and the smaller half through company-operated restaurants (10.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2018). The United States is still McDonald’s single biggest market with nearly eight billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018. In 2018, almost 38 thousand McDonald’s restaurants were in operation worldwide, of which around 14 thousand were located in the United States. The McDonald’s brand is amongst the most valuable brands in the world, valuations vary however depending on the source. Milward Brown Optimor ranks McDonald’s as the most valuable fast food brand in 2018 with a brand value of approximately 126.04 billion U.S. dollars. The main competitors of McDonald’s in the quick-service restaurant market are Subway, Yum Brands! (Kentucky Fried Chicken, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Wendy’s, Burger King, Domino’s Pizza, Papa John’s, Chick-fil-A but also coffeehouse chains such as Starbucks. 
 This statistic presents the number of registered Hike chat app users from February 2014 to January 2016. As of that month, the mobile messenger hat 100 million registered users worldwide. Hike messenger users – additional information Instant messaging has been gaining popularity in the last years thanks to the rise of mobile internet and smartphone growth. Mobile messenger apps offer an alternative to SMS texting, and enhance user experience by providing social media features and other elements. The number of mobile messaging users is forecast to grow from 1.4 billion in 2015 to more than two billion users in 2019. By that year, it is expected that nearly 70 percent of mobile phone internet users will make use of mobile phone messaging apps to communicate. While Facebook-owned Whatsapp is a clear industry leader with one billion monthly active users as of April 2016, other services, such as LINE and Hike messenger, have been gaining space in the global market of mobile messenger app. Launched in 2012, Hike messenger is a cross-platform for instant messaging and SMS communication. The service was developed by Bharti Softbank, a company composed of a partnership between India-based Bharti Telecom and the Japanese company Softbank telecom. Aside of instant messaging, Hike messenger offers unique features such offline chat and unlimited free SMS to differentiate its services from the competitors. The number of Hike messenger users has been constantly increasing over the years, going from 15 million in February of 2014 to a high of 100 million registered users in January of 2016. With this constant growth, Hike established itself as the third most popular Asia-based mobile messenger app, only behind Chinese app WeChat and NHN Japan's LINE app. Hike is particularly popular in India; the social network registered a penetration rate of eight percent in the country in the fourth quarter of 2015, the same rate in India as Twitter. Facebook leads the Indian market with 13 percent penetration rate. 
 The statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in South Korea from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a change in it is a sign of economic growth. In 2018, the real GDP in South Korea grew by about 2.67 percent compared to the previous year. National finances of South Korea South Korea is a developed country and has a developed market and financial sector. Due to being one of the world’s most prosperous countries, South Korea is recognized as one of the G-20 major economies as well as one of the Next Eleven countries, which, in detail, consists of countries around the globe which have potential to become world powers in the 21st century. South Korea maintains a high level of economic efficiency which saw the South Korean GDP grow consistently over the past decade, with the exception of 2008 and 2009, where the global financial crisis took a toll on the country’s economic situation. However, despite experiencing a downturn in these years, South Korea still donated roughly 1.7 billion U.S. dollars to countries around world, with the exception of North Korea. This was possible for South Korea because the country maintained one of the highest production efficiencies as well as revenue from goods and services in the world and held a relatively low unemployment rate, which allowed for a more efficient mobilization of resources and a higher influx of income for the masses. 
 HDFC Bank Limited was the most valued brand across India in 2019 according to BrandZ. This means it had the highest reputation as a company, and was valued at over 22 billion U.S. dollars that year. Life Insurance Corporation of India (LIC) followed the private financial institution with over 20 billion dollars-worth in brand value. HDFC Bank Limited The Housing Development Finance Corporation (HDFC), headquartered in the city of Mumbai was one of the largest private sector lenders in the country as of March 2019. In 2018, it was one of the leading regional bank brands worldwide. Set up in 1994, its office was inaugurated by former Prime Minister and then Union Finance Minister Manmohan Singh. With branches across the country and abroad, HDFC was one of the newer banks to be established. Private sector banks in India All major Indian banks were nationalized by the government in 1969. However, with a change in government policy in the 1990s that made way for globalization and increasing foreign investment, the private sector was split by regulators into old and new banks. The very first bank in this sector, founded in 1899, was Nendungadi Bank in Calicut or Kozhikode, Kerala. Since 2014, as part of the central government’s inclusion program for affordable access and expansion to financial services, private sector banks have accepted over one million recipients as of February 2019, the largest being ICICI Bank with over 436 thousand. 
 This statistic shows the number of households in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, about 13.07 million households were counted in the federal state of California. 
 The statistic shows the top 50 countries in the globalization index 2019. The index for Switzerland was at 91.19 points in the globalization index 2019. The KOF Index of Globalization aims to measure the rate of Globalization in countries around the world. Data used to construct the 2019 edition of the index was from 2017. The index is based on three dimensions, or core sets of indicators: economic, social, and political. Via these three dimensions, the overall index of globalization tries to assess current economic flows, economical restrictions, data on information flows, data on personal contact, and data on cultural proximity within surveyed countries. Globalization is defined for this index as the process of creating networks of connections among actors at multi-continental distances, mediated through a variety of flows including people, information and ideas, capital and goods. It is a process that erodes national boundaries, integrates national economies, cultures, technologies and governance and produces complex relations of mutual interdependence. 
 In 2018, there were about 4.04 million Black families in the United States with a single mother. This is an increase from 1990 levels, when there were about 3.4 million Black families with a single mother. Single parenthood The typical family is comprised of two parents and at least one child. However, that is not the case in every single situation. A single parent is someone who has a child but no spouse or partner. Single parenthood occurs for different reasons, including divorce, death, abandonment, or single-person adoption. Historically, single parenthood was common due to mortality rates due to war, diseases, and maternal mortality. However, divorce was not as common back then, depending on the culture. Single parent wellbeing In countries where social welfare programs are not strong, single parents tend to suffer more financially, emotionally, and mentally. In the United States, most single parents are mothers. The struggles that single parents face are greater than those in two parent households. The number of families with a single mother in the United States has increased since 1990, but the poverty rate of black families with a single mother has significantly decreased since that same year. In comparison, the poverty rate of Asian families with a single mother, and the percentage of white, non-Hispanic families with a single mother who live below the poverty level in the United States have both been fluctuating since 2002. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in France from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in France was around 9.1 percent. Population of France A member of the Group 7 and G20, France is one of the worlds most powerful, advanced and emerging economies. With a total population of around 64 million people, France’s economy must adapt itself to employ the growing population. Although the rates of the population growth in the past 5 years have declined in comparison to the population growth rates between 2003 and 2007, there is still an overall growth in the total population. An important factor which directly affects the French economy is the percentage increase in of people who are 65 years of age or older and percentage decline of people between the ages of 15 and 64 years. Due to the fact that the percentage of the working population is decreasing, mainly people between the ages of 15 and 64 years, and the median age of the population in France is increasing, the economy must adapt to the growing competition by providing more employment opportunities. With the Eurozone crisis and global financial crisis of 2008, the real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in France suffered dramatic drops between 2008 and 2009 in comparison to the previous year. Despite having increased between 2009 and 2013, the employment in France has not reached the record high of 2008 again yet. In addition, the unemployment rates in the last decade have increased by almost 2 percent. 
 This graph shows the real value added to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Texas in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the mining industry added 229.65 billion chained 2012 U.S. dollars of value to the state GDP. 
 The statistic shows the sales of the leading cosmetic brands in 2014. Neutrogena makeup remover was the leading cosmetic brand in the United States in 2014 with sales that amounted to approximately 129 million U.S. dollars, a sales growth of 23.7 percent compared to the previous year. In the U.S., the beauty and personal care market is a booming industry. In 2015, skin care product sales generated approximately 16 billion U.S. dollars, while color cosmetics generated a further 14.5 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the countries with most content available on Netflix worldwide as of April 2019. The data reveals that the United States had the biggest Netflix media library in the world, with 5,932 titles available on the platform as of April 2019. Second was the United Kingdom with over 5,700 titles, closely followed by Canada and Greece. Other countries featuring in the top ten included Nepal and Pakistan with over 5,100 titles available on Netflix each. 
 The United States was the leading recipient of Mexico’s tequila exports in 2019, followed by Germany and Spain. The U.S. imported more than 204 million liters of tequila from Mexico in that year, more than 40 times than that imported by Germany. Tequila sales have grown dramatically in the U.S. Since 2004, the sales volume has more than doubled, reaching 18.5 million 9-liter cases in 2018. What makes tequila tequila? Tequila is a distilled spirit made from the blue agave plant. The beverage takes its name from the city of Tequila, the area around which is one of the primary production locations. Tequila is traditionally produced with between 35 to 55 percent alcohol and must be at least 80 proof in the United States to be considered tequila by law. Market leaderIn the United States, Jose Cuervo was the top-selling brand, with a 21 percent share of the tequila market. Sales volume of the brand has grown by 20 percent since 2013. 
 Following two consecutive years at 90 percent, the share of households with internet access in the United Kingdom (UK) increased in 2019, reaching 93 percent. This marked a new record, and continued the streak of either stability or growth. More users gaining internet access Worldwide, the number of internet users rose from 1.02 billion users in 2005, to 3.9 billion users in 2018. As of 2017, China was the country with this highest number of internet users. The UK was home to 63.06 million internet users in that year. Internet penetration rates around the world Northern America and Northern Europe featured the highest internet penetration of any region globally, at 95 percent. Middle Africa showed the lowest levels, at just 12 percent. With regard to mobile internet, the United Arab Emirates showed the highest penetration rate, at 96 percent. 
 This statistic gives information on the number of internet users in selected countries in 2018. During the reported period, China had almost 805 million internet users. The India was ranked second, as 483 million Indians accessed the internet via computers or mobile devices. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Zambia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Zambia amounted to about 6.99 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the 20 countries with the lowest national debt in 2019 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP). The data refer to the debts of the entire state, including the central government, the provinces, municipalities, local authorities and social insurance. In 2019, Russia's estimated level of national debt reached about 16.49 percent of the GDP, ranking 10th of the countries with the lowest national debt. National debt and GDP The debt-to-GDP ratio is an indicator of a country’s ability to produce and sell goods in order to pay back any present debts, however these countries should not retain newer debts in the process. Many economists believe that if a country is able to produce more without impairing its own economical growth, it can be considered more stable, particularly for the future. However, the listed countries, with the exception of Russia and Saudi Arabia, are not necessarily economic first-world powers. Additionally, economically powerful countries such as the United States and France maintain one of the highest debt-to-GDP ratios, signifying that occurring debt does not necessarily damage the state of the economy and is sometimes necessary in order to help develop it. Saudi Arabia has maintained one of the lowest debt-to-GDP ratios due to its high export rates, which primarily consist of petroleum and petroleum goods. Given the significance of oil in today’s world, Saudi Arabia produces enough oil and earns enough revenue to maintain a high GDP and additionally refrain from incurring debt. 
 This statistic shows the consumer price index for urban consumers in the United States from January 2019 to January 2020. The data represents U.S. city averages. The base period was 1982-84=100. The CPI is defined by the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics as "a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services". In January 2020, the unadjusted CPI amounted to about 257.97. The annual consumer price index for urban consumers in the U.S. can be accessed here. Consumer Price Index The Consumer Price Index (CPI) began in 1919 under the Bureau of Labor Statistics and is published every month. The CPI for all urban consumers includes urban households in Metropolitan Statistical Areas and regions with over 2,500 inhabitants, as well as non-farm consumers living in rural regions. This index was established in 1978 and includes about 80 percent of the U.S. population. The monthly CPI of urban consumers in the United States increased from 251.71 in January 2019 to 257.97 in January 2020. For these consumers, CPI can also differ between regions, with a high of 270.35 in the Western region as of 2019. The CPI in the United States has increased steadily over the past two decades from 140.3 in 1992 to 255.66 in 2019. A forecast of the CPI expects this positive trend to continue, reaching 287.51 by 2024. As of January 2020, the CPI of the nation’s education had increased by 2.2 percent. In January 2020, costs of recreation, rent, housing, medical care, gasoline, and food and beverages had increased, but prices for apparel, personal computers had decreased. Comparatively, the CPI in Hong Kong reached 107 in 2018. 
 The United States was the world’s most valuable nation brand by a distance in 2019, with a value of 27.8 trillion U.S. dollars. To give this figure some context, China was second in the ranking valued at 19.5 trillion U.S. dollars, substantially lower in value than that of the United States. Many of the world’s most valuable brands come from the United States. Nation brand value The impact of a country’s national image on a country’s economy and the brands based in the country cannot be understated. A good national image can bring many positives such as encouraging investment from outside of the country, adding value to a country’s exports, as well as attracting tourists and skilled migrants to the country. On the other hand, a country may incur significant economic damage from poor nation brand management or global events. U.S. companies dominate global retail The evidence of the impact of a nation’s brand value can be seen in the retail industry. As a result of globalization and various trade agreements between markets and countries, many retailers are capable of doing business on a global scale. As such, the national image associated with the brand’s home market is important. Many of the world’s leading retailers are companies based in the United States, the world’s most valuable nation brand. Walmart and Amazon are examples of American retailers doing business around the world. The success of U.S. retailers can also be seen through their performance in online retail. Amazon is a prime example of this, with the company’s sales revenue flourishing over the previous years.
 The price of prime office space in London differs significantly based on location. More central areas including Mayfair and St James’s tend to have prime rents more than double the cost of areas in the outskirts. London office rents most expensive in Europe When placing London alongside other major cities in Europe, the West End area of London had annual prime rents over 400 euros per year higher than Paris. In the United Kingdom (UK), average rental costs in the capital fair outweigh those of other areas. Even key located areas such as Reading in the South of England saw annual costs per square meter of under five hundred euros. Prime Yields Prime yields assess the return on investment expected for commercial real estate. In 2019, prime yields in London for office real estate sat between four and five percent. During the same year, office prime yields in several other areas in Europe saw far greater returns on investment. 
 This statistic illustrates the major Facebook stakeholders as of January 2013, by ownership stake. In June 2011, Sean Parker owned 4 percent in Facebook stakes. Mark Zuckerberg owned 24 percent of Facebook 
 This graph displays the birth rate in the United States in 2018 as per ethnic group of mother. In 2018, around 50 children were born per thousand Asian women in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the ten countries with the most deaths resulting from earthquakes between 1900 and 2016. Total 876,487 people were killed due to earthquakes in China. Fatalities around the world The leading causes of death worldwide for humans in 2012 were ischaemic heart diseases, with 7.4 million deaths and strokes, with 6.7 million deaths. Apart from these diseases, there are many other dangers for humans all over the world, such as famine, drugs, epidemics or the everyday traffic. The global famine death rate has decreased over the past decades, 814 people per 100,000 of the global population died as a result of famine, while the number of deaths due to famine was about 3 per 100,000 of the global population in 2000. Famine is a scarcity of food, which can be caused by crop failure, population unbalance or drought. Between 1900 and 2014, the number of deaths due to droughts stood at 3,000,000 in China. Compared to other countries, the Unites States are ranked as the country with the highest amount of drug-related deaths around the world. 40,393 people passed away due to drugs in 2012, while only 944 drug-related deaths were reported in Germany. The Ebola outbreak in West Africa is one of the largest outbreaks in history and costs the life of many people. The Ebola virus disease has a high risk of deaths, as of August 26, 2014 there have been 3,069 cases, resulting 1,552 deaths due to outbreak in West Africa. According to the World Health Organization (WHO), 162 annual traffic fatalities per 100,000 registered vehicles were counted in South Africa, which is the country with the highest number of road-traffic fatalities from 2006 – 2008. Germany is on of the country with the lowest annual traffic fatalities, there were only 9 traffic fatalities per 100,000 registered vehicles. 
 The unemployment rate in Thailand reached 0.7 percent in 2019, a small increase from the previous year. Most of Thailand’s population is of working age and employed. About 46 percent of Thailand’s inhabitants work in the service sector, and another large portion of the population works in agriculture. Emerging and upwards Thailand is considered an emerging economy, as reflected by the country’s growing service sector. In recent years, Thailand has maintained a trade surplus, with the largest portion of exports going to China, the United States, and Japan. As of 2018, most of Taiwan’s exports are electrical machinery equipment and computers. An ASEAN leader Thailand is one of the founding members of the Association of Southeast Asian Nations (ASEAN), developed to nurture trade and economic growth among Brunei, Cambodia, Indonesia, Laos, Malaysia, Myanmar, the Philippines, Singapore, and Vietnam. The organization has seen growth in gross domestic product (GDP) to over 2.5 trillion U.S. dollars. Among the countries involved, Thailand has the second largest economy with 487 billion U.S. dollars as of 2018. 
 This statistic presents the electricity prices for household end users in Spain semi-annually from 2010 to 2018. In the first half of 2018, the average electricity price for Spanish households was 23.83 euro cents per kWh. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Boston Red Sox from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 516 million U.S. dollars.The Boston Red Sox are owned by John Henry and Thomas Werner, who bought the franchise for 380 million U.S. dollars in 2002. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in India from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in India was estimated to be 2.55 percent. India's economy in comparison to other BRIC states India possesses one of the fastest-growing economies in the world and as a result, India is recognized as one of the G-20 major economies as well as a member of the BRIC countries, an association that is made up of rapidly growing economies. As well as India, three other countries, namely Brazil, Russia and China, are BRIC members. India’s manufacturing industry plays a large part in the development of its economy; however its services industry is the most significant economical factor. The majority of the population of India works in this sector. India’s notable economic boost can be attributed to significant gains over the past decade in regards to the efficiency of the production of goods as well as maintaining relatively low debt, particularly when compared to the total amount earned from goods and services produced throughout the years. When considering individual development as a country, India progressed significantly over the years. However, in comparison to the other emerging countries in the BRIC group, India’s progress was rather minimal. While China experienced the most apparent growth, India’s efficiency and productivity remained somewhat stagnant over the course of 3 or 4 years. India also reported a rather large trade deficit over the past decade, implying that its total imports exceeded its total amount of exports, essentially forcing the country to borrow money in order to finance the nation. Most economists consider trade deficits a negative factor, especially in the long run and for developing or emerging countries. 
 This statistic shows the winners of the Football League Cup from 1961 to 2019. Liverpool FC have won the most League Cup titles, having lifted the trophy a total of eight times. 
 On average, 29 people were murdered every 100,000 inhabitants in Mexico in 2018, up from 26 homicide cases per 100,000 people a year earlier. Mexico's murder rate has been continuously increasing since 2015. Between January and June of 2019, the homicide rate stood at 14 cases. Crime and violence in Mexico Street violence and crime are some of the most pressing problems affecting Mexican society today. A recent survey revealed that, on average, almost 80 percent of the adult population felt unsafe. The perceived level of insecurity in Mexico is more worrisome among women than men. In recent years, violence against women in Mexico has significantly worsened. Violence against women in Mexico The number of femicides registered in Mexico has more than doubled between 2015 and 2019. Up to 976 women were murdered in Mexico in 2019 solely on account of their gender. Over the past decade, most Mexican states have adopted this criminal typification to address the increasing cases of homicide motivated by gender. Veracruz was the region with the largest number of femicides reported as such in 2019, whereas Morelos stood out as the Mexican state with the highest prevalence of femicides, based on 100,000 women. 
 Facebook was the social network with the largest market share in Sweden, as of January 2020. The market share of Facebook made up 67 percent of the total market in Sweden. Twitter, second in this list, had roughly 11 percent of all Swedish page views. Pinterest reached over nine percent, whereas Instagram had a market share of nearly nine percent. The share of Internet users in Sweden who used Facebook increased over the last years. From 63 percent in 2011, the percentage increased to 76 percent in 2018 and slightly decreased to 74 percent as of 2019. Social media usage in Sweden Overall, the share of Swedes participating in social networks grew between 2011 and 2018. 54 percent of interviewed individuals used social media in 2011, whereas in 2018 this increased to 70 percent. The Nordics and social media Compared to the other Nordic countries, Sweden had the highest share of active social media users in 2018. The country had 73 percent of active users and was followed by Denmark with 71 percent. Norway and Finland had respectively 69 percent and 58 percent active social media users that year. The number of active social media users amounted to 7.3 million in Sweden that year. 
 This statistic shows the total number of passengers uplifted by Virgin Atlantic Airways in the United Kingdom (UK) between 2008 and 2018. Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited is a British airline with its headquarters located in Crawley, UK. It was established in 1984 and formerly known as British Atlantic Airways. Virgin Atlantic is majority owned by the Virgin Group and is based at Heathrow airport. Virgin Atlantic's passenger numbers dipped a little during the time period displayed in this statistic, reaching 5.1 million passengers in 2018. 
 In 2018, the average total volume of treasury securities traded per day was over 547 billion U.S. dollars. This means that every day the market was open, the average amount of U.S. government securities bought and sold amounted to half a trillion U.S. dollars in that year. What are treasury securities? Treasury securities are U.S. government debt, bonds sold to finance the United States government. Since the United States is seen as a guaranteed investment, these bonds are often used by large financial firms as collateral. The yield on a Treasury bond is minimal, but these institutions often do not hold them until maturity, instead trading them on secondary market. Other options The federal funds rate is the rate the Federal Reserve charges banks for overnight loans. Other assets, such as mortgaged backed securities, can also be used like treasury securities. Mortgage backed securities are bundles of home loans packaged together. Such bundling makes the overall security safer, unless there is a systemic shock to the housing market which would undermine the entire package. 
 The United Kingdom spent approximately 4.56 billion British pounds on its prison system in 2018/19, an increase when compared to the previous year. Despite this, the United Kingdom is still spending around 40 million pounds less than it did in 2010/11, due mainly to the austerity policies pursued by the coalition Government of the time.Decline in officer numbers As of March 2019, there were around 22.63 thousand prison officers working in England and Wales, a seven-year high and an increase of 1.59 thousand people from 2016/17. The number of prison officers has naturally followed a similar pattern to the levels of funding provided by the government, so as funding fell after 2010, so too did officer numbers. Rise in assaults The fall in officer numbers and funding precipitated a steep rise in the number of assaults in prisons. In 2017 there were over 29 thousand assaults among prisoners, and a further 8.4 thousand assaults on prison staff in England and Wales. Just a few years earlier in 2014, there were 16.2 thousand assaults among prisoners and 3.6 thousand attacks on staff. 
 This statistic gives information on the daily number of mobile messages sent by WhatsApp users. As of the fourth quarter of 2017, users of the mobile messaging app were sending 60 billion messages each day. 
 This statistic illustrates the annual number of people employed by the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) from 2005 to 2019, in thousands. The figures presented in this statistic details staff numbers as full time equivalents of all positions as of the end of each year displayed. In 2007, the total amount of employees of RBS almost doubled, reaching the highest of this time period, with 226,400 people employed. Since then, the number of people employed by the Royal Bank of Scotland has continuously decreased, reaching a total of under 63 thousand employees in 2019. 
 During the 2019/2020 football season, Manchester City paid the highest average annual player salary out of all teams in the English Premier League (EPL), with an average of roughly 8.73 million U.S. dollars. Manchester United was the highest paying club in the EPL for the previous two seasons, while Sheffield United, which moved up into the EPL from the Football League Championship this season, paid the lowest annual average of approximately 910 thousand U.S. dollars per player in 2019/20. Payments in similar European leagues Manchester City may be the most generous employer in the EPL at this point but they don’t hold this title at the European level. Juventus, in Italy’s Serie-A for example, pay their players an average of 10.1 million U.S. dollars. This slightly higher amount comes in spite of the facts that the EPL generates revenue of more than twice as much as the Serie A overall. Money reflects fandom Manchester United holds the record for most EPL championships won and with such success comes a large fanbase. When asked ”Which club is your favourite Premier League club?”, 22.6 percent of English stated Manchester United, followed by 16.4 percent naming Liverpool Football Club. 
 This statistic depicts the gross sales of the H&M Group worldwide from 2007 to 2018. In fiscal year 2017, global gross sales of the H&M Group amounted to about 27.7 billion U.S. dollars.H&MH&M is a leading global fashion company with strong values and a clear business concept. H&M has a passion for fashion, a belief in people and a desire to always exceed customers’ expectations – and to do so in a sustainable way. H&M constantly strives to have the best customer offering in each individual market – which includes giving customers the best price. Through multiple brands and concepts H&M offers a broad and varied range of inspiring fashion that lets customers explore and develop their own personal style. H&M has collections for women, men, teenagers and children. The range also includes sportswear, underwear, shoes, accessories and cosmetics, as well as home textiles and decorations from H&M Home.Germany is H&M's largest market. In 2017, 4.4 billion U.S. dollars were generated from that country alone. The company operates over 4,900 stores worldwide and employs over 123,000 people. H&M was the fourth most valuable apparel brand in the worldas of 2019. H&M aims to be the more sustainable choice for today’s increasingly aware customers. To this end, H&M’s investments in social improvements and reduced environmental impact extend throughout the product life cycle – from responsible use of natural resources to ensuring good working conditions at suppliers’ factories. Sustainability work is thoroughly integrated into the business, not only because it is an investment in the customer offering,but also because it is vital to the group’s long-term growth and development 
 This statistic shows corporate profits in the United States in 2018, by industry. Corporate profits are defined as the net income of corporations in the National Income and Product Accounts (NIPA). In 2018, corporations in the chemical products industry made profits of about 45.8 billion U.S. dollars. Total corporate profits amounted to 2.31 trillion U.S. dollars in Q4 2018. 
 This statistic shows the development of the number of young people between the ages of 14 to 24 in the United States from 2000 to 2010. In 2010, approximately 47 million young people from that age group lived in the U.S. 
 This statistic shows Groupon's global annual revenue from 2008 to 2019. As of 2019, the daily deal website's annual revenue amounted to 2.2 billion U.S. dollars. The coupon portal had close to 43.6 million active customers as the fourth quarter of 2019. 
 This statistic represents worldwide electricity consumption between 1980 and 2016. In 2016, the world's electricity consumption amounted to approximately 21.8 trillion kilowatt hours. One quadrillion watts is approximately equal to one petawatt. Global consumption of electricityGlobal consumption of electricity has increased over the last decades from 7,323 terawatt hours in 1980 to 21.8 terawatt hours in 2016 In a similar pattern, power consumption in China has quickly risen, reaching 6,840 terawatt hours in 2018China is the highest consumer of electricity in the world with the United States following close behind, consuming 4,148 terawatt hours in 2016. Generally, countries with larger populations consume more energy. However, Canada was one of the highest consumers of electricity at 538 terawatt hours, despite having a population of about 36 million inhabitants. Per capita consumption of electricity can vary widely due to electricity rates, appliances penetration, market saturation, and heating and cooling. Electricity consumption tends to be smaller than the amount of electricity generated due to several factors, such as grid and storage losses and self-consumption from power plants. However, cogeneration power plants are able to use energy that is often wasted in forms of heat or energy for industrial processes. In Alberta, Canada, electric cogeneration energy production accounted for 25 terawatt hours . Currently it is estimated that over 20 percent of the world’s electricity generation is derived from renewable sources. In the United States, about almost 275 billion kilowatt hours of electricity was generated from wind power in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the amount of damages caused by cyber crime reported to the IC3 from 2001 to 2018. In the last reported period, the annual loss of complaints referred to the IC3 amounted to 2.71 billion U.S. dollars, up from 1 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. 
 This statistic shows BMW Group's global vehicle sales between 2006 and 2018. In 2018, the Munich-based company shipped about 2.49 million vehicles worldwide. BMW's major brands include BMW (automobiles and motorcycles), MINI and Rolls Royce. BMW is ranked among the leading automobile manufacturers worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the number of average sexual encounters per person worldwide, sorted by country. According to the source, people in India had an average of 130 sexual encounters in a year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in the Philippines from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the Philippines' real gross domestic product grew by around 6.24 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Nigeria was at almost 20 percent. According to the source, the data are estimates from the International Labour Organization, an agency of the United Nations developing policies to set labor standards. Employment in Nigeria The youth unemployment rate refers to the percentage of the unemployed in the age group of 15 to 24 years as compared to the total labor force. Youth unemployment rates are often higher than overall unemployment rates, which is true in Nigeria as well: the general rate of unemployment was approximately six percent in 2018. One reason for this contrast is that many of the youth under age 24 are studying full-time and are unavailable for work due to this. Education in Nigeria Nigeria’s population has a large percentage of young inhabitants, and there is a high demand for educational opportunities for its young populace. After severe cuts in governmental aid following a nationwide recession in 2016, Nigeria’s underfunded higher education system became the focus of ongoing student protests and strikes. Other families have taken a different approach: Nigeria is the top country of origin for international students from the continent of Africa. For example, Nigeria sent over 12,600 students to the U.S. in 2017/18, the most of any African country. 
 This statistic displays a rankings of most valuable German brands in 2015, sorted by brand value. With a brand value of approximately 25.44 billion Euros, the German automotive manufacturer Mercedes-Benz was the most valuable German brand in 2015, marginally ahead of automotive rival BMW. The two car brands have a large margin to the next brand on the list, with Deutsche Telekom valued at roughly half of BMW's value, at 12.92 billion euros.Despite having the slightly lower brand value in 2015, BMW actually outsold Mercedes-Benz in Europe on sheer number of units, selling 748,176 units in 2015 compared with the 737,278 units sold by Mercedes_Benz.Despite leading Germany, neither Mercedes-Benz or BMW appear on the list of the world's 20 most valuable brands. To place 20th, Mercedes-Benz would have to increase the value of their brand value to at least 46.15 billion U.S dollars to claim MasterCard's position at the tail-end of that list. No car manufacturers actually feature the list of the world's 20 most valuable brands. Toyota, the world's most valuable car brand, are still outside the world's 20 most valuable brands with brand value of approximately 29.5 billion U.S dollars in 2016. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Los Angeles Chargers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Los Angeles Chargers was 25,393. 
 This statistic shows the most popular social media platform among internet users in Argentina as of the third quarter 2018. As of that point in time, YouTube was the most popular social media platform in the country with 93 percent of users claiming to use it. 
 The statistic presents the leading insurance brokers worldwide in 2018, by revenue. With revenue amounting to over 16 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, Marsh & McLennan Cos. Inc. topped the list of leading global insurance brokers globally. Insurance brokers – additional information An insurance broker (or insurance agent) is an insurance specialist offering consulting services both to individuals and commercial businesses. It is an intermediary between a client being in need of insurance protection and insurance companies. Brokers use their expertise and knowledge of the insurance market and companies to offer their clients the best possible insurance option. When looking for an adequate insurance option, brokers have to take into account such factors as client’s budget, what kinds of insurance are needed and which insurance company bids the most advantageous offer in a particular case. Despite having considerable knowledge about the insurance market, brokers are expected to not favor any particular company, by which they are paid a commission. Apart from providing consultancy and administrative assistance during the insurance research phase, brokers are also of help with issues or questions arising after the insurance contract has been signed. The number of agents, brokers and service employees in the insurance industry in the United States grows from year to year and reached 1.14 million in 2017. 
 The statistic depicts the total market/transfer value of the participating national teams at the FIFA World Cup 2014 in Brazil. The Spanish squad has a combined market/transfer value of 622 million euros. Transfer value of World Cup squads – additional information In international football, a team’s total market/transfer value refers to the sum of all of the transfer fees that each individual player could command in the current market at their club level. This market value is updated and amended regularly as it is assessed by the player’s salary, stats, age, and recent performances among other things. In 2014, a total of 32 teams competed at the FIFA World Cup finals in Brazil. Spain, the champions of the previous World Cup in South Africa 2010, entered the tournament with the most valuable squad, estimated at €622 million. Andrés Iniesta of FC Barcelona was ranked as Spain’s most valuable player with an estimated market value of €55 million, making him the 5th most valuable player overall at the World Cup. Germany, the eventual champions of the 2014 World Cup, had a market value of €562 million, the second highest of the 32 teams. At the other end of the scale, Honduras’ squad was ranked 32nd with a total market value €21.15 million. This figure was unsurprising as Luis Fernando Suarez, manager of the Honduran team, called up numerous players from the country’s largely unknown domestic league. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Golden State Warriors games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 26.63 U.S. dollars. Golden State Warriors The Golden State Warriors are a professional basketball team that is part of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise was founded in 1946 in Philadelphia as the Philadelphia Warriors. The team was located in Philadelphia up until 1962, then moved to San Francisco and in 1971 on to Oakland, where the franchise still resides today. The Warriors play their home games at Oracle Arena, which has a capacity of almost 20 thousand for basketball games. In the 2013/14 season, the Warriors averaged an attendance of 19,596 during the regular season; a total attendance of about 803 thousand. Tickets to the games cost an average of 47.38 U.S. dollars according to Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index. The overall league-wide average ticket price was at 54 U.S. dollars. Forbes ascribes the franchise a value of 750 million U.S. dollars in 2014, an increase in value of about 35 percent over the previous year. The Warriors generated 160 million U.S. dollars in revenue in 2012/13, slightly more than the league-average of 152 million U.S. dollars. As of September 2014, the Golden State Warriors had about 2.43 million fans on their official team account on Facebook. Their Twitter had around 468 thousand followers. 
 In 2018, California-based full-service restaurant (FSR) chain The Cheesecake Factory generated approximately 2.33 billion U.S. dollars in revenue worldwide, up from 2.26 billion the previous year. Leading FSR chains With a revenue of over two billion U.S. dollars, The Cheesecake Factory stands firmly alongside other top FSR chains in the United States such as Applebee’s, Olive Garden, Denny’s and more. Fellow American casual dining restaurant chain Applebee’s accounted for 4.12 billion U.S. dollars in the U.S., making it the leading full-service restaurant chain in the United States in terms of revenue. Let them eat cake! Over the past eight years, the number of The Cheesecake factory restaurants has been steadily increasing. In 2018, the full service restaurant chain operated 201 restaurants and each location had average sales accounting for approximately 10.7 million U.S. dollars in that year. 
 The statistic shows the annual revenue of the Alibaba Group from 2010 to 2019. In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, Chinese e-commerce corporation Alibaba recorded consolidated revenues of 376.8 billion yuan. This translates to approximately 54.5 billion U.S. dollars. Alibaba Alibaba was originally founded in 1999 as a B2B e-commerce portal to connect Chinese manufacturers with overseas buyers. In 2003, the service expanded to include Taobao, a C2C e-commerce marketplace and in 2008 Tmall, a B2C online commerce platform focused on brands and online retail. To round off the digital offerings, group shopping and flash sale website Jujuasuan was launched in 2010. Overall, the largest portion of Alibaba Group revenues are generated through Chinese-based e-commerce as company data states 247.6 billion yuan segment revenue in 2019. International commerce retail accounted for 19.6 billion yuan of annual revenues. That year, retail e-commerce in China accounted for 66 percent of company revenue. Alibaba Group’s net income amounted to 80.2 billion yuan. The group’s monetization model relies heavily on online marketing services including P2P marketing services, display marketing and promoted selling as well as commissions on transactions and storefront fees. Alibaba’s Chinese retail marketplaces had around 654 million annual active buyers. Alibaba also holds stakes in online video company Youku Tudou and entertainment company Alibaba Pictures. 
 The statistic shows the average inflation rate in Italy from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Italy was at about 1.24 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2019, Ford’s U.S. market share was around 14.1 percent, trailing only General Motors (GM). The two largest U.S. brands are relentless competitors in the global automobile industry. GM and Ford The competition between Ford and General Motors has played out strongly in the case of truck sales, with GM taking the lead in the first quarter of 2019 with a market share of 44 percent. This is partly because one of Ford’s auto parts suppliers, Meridian Magnesium, experienced a devastating factory fire in May 2018. This stopped production of the Ford F-150, one of the company’s most popular vehicles and the best-selling light truck in the United States. GM, in contrast, has had success with incentives on its pickup Chevrolet Silverado. A transition away from passenger cars In 2018, Ford announced that - by 2020 - almost 90 percent of its North American model selection will consist of trucks and commercial vehicles. This clear shift away from the car business was probably spurred by the fact that Ford's sales of crossovers and sports utility vehicles (SUVs) increased by over six percent in 2018. 
 The total retail spending in Pakistan was forecasted at 210 billion U.S. dollars for 2018. This equals to about 1.7 thousand U.S. dollars per capita in the above-mentioned time period. economic factors on the retail market The total population of Pakistan is over 200 million and set to grow to 224 million by 2024. Over 60 percent of the Pakistani population is between the aged of 15 to 64 years, which is the prime age of consumer spending. At the same time, the inflation rate in Pakistan is currently at 4.15 percent, which is influencing its retail consumption. The average household income in Pakistan was just over 600 U.S. dollars per consumer spending The net trade in goods and services in Pakistan is in deficit of about 35 billion U.S. dollars or 2017. The retail market volume growth for groceries, beverages and tobacco in Pakistan is predicted to grow by 0.9 percent between 2017 and 2018. 
 The statistic shows the number of terrorist attacks in 2018, by country. In 2018, there were 1,294 terrorist attacks reported in Afghanistan. According to the source, a total of 8,093 terrorist attacks occurred worldwide, resulting in 32,836 deaths and 1,888 injuries in 2018. Additional information on terrorism in Iraq For nearly two decades Iraq has been one of the foremost battlegrounds in the so-called War on Terror. The number of deaths in Iraq due to terrorism between 2006 and 2018 shows a decline in the number of deaths following 2007 and a subsequent rise in 2013, followed by a decline again from 2017. Unfortunately for Iraq citizens this reflects the weakening of Al Qaeda being followed by a destructive rise then fall of Islamic State. Islamic State, who operates in other countries including Iraq’s neighbor Syria, were responsible for the two worst terrorist attacks in 2015 by number of fatalities. The attacks in QAIM and Bani Saad further increased the high frequency of Iraqi fatalities resulting from terrorism. The devastating effect groups such as Islamic State have had on the people in Iraq goes beyond the tragic loss of friends and loved ones. In 2015, Iraq suffered the second-largest amount of property losses of any country impacted by terrorism. This cost totaled 519 million US dollars. The preferences of terrorist groups in Iraq appear to be geared armed conflicts and bombings. In 2011, the number of kidnappings in Iraq was far fewer than in Somalia or Afghanistan where kidnappings are regularly committed for the purpose of extortion for political and economic gains. 
 The leading countries for installed renewable energy in 2018 were China, the U.S., and Brazil. China was leading in renewable energy installations with a capacity of around 696 gigawatts. The U.S., in second place, had a capacity of around 245 gigawatts. Renewable energy is an important step in mitigating climate change and reducing the consequences caused by the phenomenon. Renewable Energy Capacity Renewable power capacity is defined as the maximum generating capacity of installations that use renewable sources to generate electricity. Recent data suggests that renewable energy as a share of the world’s power production is increasing. Renewable energy consumption varies from country to country. The top countries for renewable energy consumption are China, United States, and Germany, respectively. Types of Renewable Energy There are various types of renewable energy sources used globally including, bioenergy, solar energy, hydropower, and geothermal energy, to name a few. Globally, China and Canada are the top two countries in terms of generating the most energy through hydropower. Geothermal energy has been on the rise as well. Data shows an increase in geothermal energy capacity globally in the last 10 years . Likewise, there has been a dramatic increase in the capacity of global solar energy in recent years. 
 Facebook, the world’s most popular social network, has billions of monthly active users globally of which less than three million are in China. The reason why Facebook reaches only around four percent of the Chinese population is because it is blocked in mainland China (excluding Hong Kong, Macau, and Taiwan) along with many other foreign social media giants like YouTube, Instagram, Pinterest and Twitter. Why is Facebook banned in China? The Chinese government has been blocking access to Facebook since July 2009, when a series of anti-government riots appeared in the Xinjiang province. The activists reportedly used Facebook as their main communications channel. Chinese authorities have no control over foreign social networks and see them as a threat to social and political stability, hence a long list of foreign internet sites, Facebook among them, are no longer easily accessible in China. Some people, however, access blocked websites by connecting to a virtual private network (VPN). What is the future of Facebook in China? Facebook’s most recent attempt to make a comeback in July 2018 was immediately prevented by the Chinese authorities. It is unlikely that China will allow it for as long as Facebook refuses to store its data servers within the country’s borders. Besides, keeping foreign social media banned is economically beneficial for such Chinese social networks as WeChat, Sina Weibo and Youku Tudou. WeChat, the most popular Chinese social media platform and messaging app, seems to successfully fill the “Facebook void” for at least a billion monthly active users. 
 In 2018, almost half of private households worldwide were estimated to have a computer at home. In developing countries, the PC penetration rate is lower with around a third of households having a computer. In contrast the share of households with a personal computer in developed countries exceeds 80 percent. In general, the share of households with a computer has steadily increased worldwide as computer usage and internet access is becoming more prevalent around the world. PC sales declining despite higher penetration Even though the share of households with a PC has been on the rise, the global PC unit sales have declined in recent years. The still growing popularity and usage of smartphones is rendering owning a PC as an additional device superfluous for many people. However, some segments of the PC market are increasing in sales value: the amount of PC gaming device shipments worldwide is expected to reach over 61 million units by 2020. Worldwide gaming laptop sales alone have reached a revenue of 12.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The gaming industry drives many innovations in PC design, as personal computers are often used for such focused tasks. PC utilization PCs have been used for many activities, such as watching online videos, playing computer games, and completing work tasks. Though computers or laptops are still the most used devices to watch online videos among users worldwide, smartphones are now used more frequently in many different contexts. One of the advantages of using PCs was its connectivity, as internet usage was possible through the high-speed fixed broadband connections desktop computers offer. Yet now, with the advent of 5G technology, growing mobile broadband might decrease the stationary use of PCs even further. 
 This statistic shows the length of inaugural addresses of all American Presidents from 1789 to 2017. In 2017, President Trump's inaugural address was 1,433 words long. The longest inaugural address was William H. Harrison's in 1841, which amounted to 8,445 words. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of football/soccer teams according to their value as calculated by Forbes. In 2019, Forbes ranked Real Madrid as the most valuable soccer/football team in the world, with a team value of around 4.24 billion U.S. dollars. 
 Merck & Co. is a global health care and pharmaceutical company that is headquartered in Kenilworth, New Jersey in the U.S. The company operates globally. In 2018, the company had a total of around 69 thousand full-time employees. The number of employees at the company has been on the decline since 2009 when the company experienced their largest number of employees. At that time Merck & Co. had around 100 thousand employees globally. Merck & Co. company profile Today the company works in a variety of fields and within the scope of various illnesses. They have segments in animal health, human health and vaccines. Merck & Co.’s global revenues have been variable in recent years, but as of 2018 data indicates that revenue figures are increasing for the company. Despite a recent growth in revenues for the company, Merck & Co.’s total assets have been on the decline for the past 10 years. Despite the fluctuations in the company’s financial data, Merck & Co. remains a top competitor in the pharmaceutical industry. Products by Merck & Co. As of 2017, Merck & Co. held the second largest share of the global vaccine market. Other top companies in that year included GlaxoSmithKline, Sanofi and Pfizer. Merck & Co. continues to be among the top pharmaceutical companies, especially through the sales of their cancer drugs. In 2018 Merck & Co.’s top selling pharmaceutical product was Keytruda, an immunotherapy used to treat certain cancers. In that same year, Keytruda was among the top five global pharmaceutical products based on the number of sales. 
 This statistic illustrates the monthly United Kingdom (UK) market share for Toyota between July 2014 and December 2019. In the period of consideration, the Japanese company's market share fluctuated between 2 and 5.6 percent. The highest market share for Toyota was recorded in September 2018, at 5.6 percent. In December 2019, this figure had declined to roughly 3.2 percent. Overall, Toyota's unit sales and market share grew in 2019 compared to the previous year. 
 In 2019, Yosemite National Park saw nearly four and a half million visitors during the year. In 2016, the park saw its largest volume of visitors accounting for about 5.03 million. Yosemite National Park Yosemite National Park is a large national forest located in central California. It was founded in 1864 and boasts over 1,200 square miles of vast wilderness, glaciers and winter sports. The park is known for the famous El Capitan rock formation that is popular among climbers around the world. Yosemite is among the most visited national parks in the U.S. with other big names such as Great Smoky Mountains National Park and Zion National Park. Given its popularity, the park is also listed among the deadliest in the nation. Most of the deaths that occur in the park are related to climbing and hiking accidents. Climbing and Hiking in the U.S. Rock climbing and hiking is a popular past time at parks like Yosemite. Hiking and climbing have been increasing in popularity across the United States. Recently the number of people participating in hiking in the U.S. has reached an all-time high. Meanwhile, climbing has seen a steady number of participants in recent history with a slight increase in participants in more recent years. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Egypt from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Egypt was approximately 96.98 million inhabitants. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Dallas Cowboys games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 110.27 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the number of smartphone users in Ireland from 2015 to 2016 with a forecast up to 2022. For 2022, the number of smartphone users in Ireland is estimated to reach 4.06 million. This would be an increase of over a million new users from 2.96 million in 2015. Users in this context are individuals of any age who own one or more smartphones and use one of their devices at least once a month. The increase in the user number translates to a growth of 16.1 percent with an expected smartphone penetration rate of 78.59 percent in 2022. A majority of internet users in Ireland use their smartphone to use search engines, check their email and visit social media sites at least weekly. Only 5 percent play games on their device. In the past two years Smartphone usage grew as well as tablet usage, while the use of desktops saw a decline. Especially among users 55 years of age and older usage has seen an increase of 34 percent since 2012. Many adults own multiple devices and almost a quarter owned more than 5 connected devices. 
 As of June 2019, 219 of the world’s 500 most powerful supercomputers were located in China, a figure which nearly doubled that of its nearest competitor, the United States, which accounted for an additional 116 supercomputers. Together, the two nations account for around two-thirds of the world’s most powerful supercomputers. Supercomputers As the name suggests, a supercomputer is a machine with massive computing power, capable of working with huge amounts of data and performing incredibly complex computations. Chinese tech company Lenovo is the vendor with the highest market share among the most powerful supercomputers in the world, with other China-based brands such as Inspur and Sugon serving as its nearest competitors in the market. All of the 500 most powerful supercomputers in the world use different operating systems based on the same open-source Linux kernel. The most powerful supercomputer in the world as of June 2019 is Oak Ridge National Laboratory’s Summit, located in Oak Ridge, Tennessee. Summit utilizes well over two million computer cores and is aimed at research in the fields of energy, artificial intelligence, and human health. 
 This statistic presents the world ranking of men's national soccer teams worldwide. In September 2019, the Belgian national team was ranked in first place with 1,752 points. More statistics and facts on soccer Global soccer rankings – additional information Brazil and Germany are among the all-time top ranking national teams that have participated in the World Cup between 1930 and 2018, with a total of 228 and 218 points, respectively. Since 1908, Germany’s national soccer team, governed by the German Football Association, has represented the nation in international soccer competitions. Based on World Football Elo Ratings, Germany obtained the highest rating ever for a World Cup Champion during the 2014 FIFA World Cup, starting the tournament with 2,046 points and ending it with 2,196. Elo Ratings account for team strength in starting a tournament, dominance during the tournament, quality of competition, and any aid from playing at home. Germany has won the World Cup four times (1954, 1974, 1990, 2014) and the European Championships three times (1972, 1980, 1996). In the FIFA World Cup in 2014, Germany had one of the best goal differentials for a World Cup champion with 18 goals scored and only four allowed, a plus-14 difference. During this World Cup, there was an average of 2.7 goals scored per game. Among national women’s soccer teams, the United States ranked first as of 2019. The United States women’s national soccer team has won four Olympic gold medals and nine Algarve Cups. The team is governed by United States Soccer Federation. 
 The population density in France was 122.34 people per square kilometer (47.24 per square mile) in 2018. This number has been slowly increasing for the past ten years. Higher population density is associated with urbanization, but not necessarily economic growth. Comparative densities France’s population density is higher than the European average. In fact, it is higher than any region except Asia, as well as the total world population density. This is likely due to the number of large cities in France. The country has one of the largest urban populations in the world. This shapes the French economic and social landscapes; the cities become more expensive, but they also bring more economic opportunities. These opportunites attract people both from the French countryside and other countries who hope to benefit from such jobs. A tale of two countries For those who can afford it, Paris can be a cosmopolitan paradise. However, with the average price of a rental apartment twice that of most other French cities, few can afford to live in the richest parts of the city. This stark difference in costs implies that average annual wages should have a similar difference between cities. While this is not a perfectly even cause and effect, it gives some explanation for the increasing population density of France. 
 The Indian sports industry has grown dramatically over the last few years. The industry became one of the fastest growing with a margin of around ten percent over the global average. The total revenue of the industry was projected to be around 1.9 million U.S. dollars in 2015. The Indian Premier League, Hockey India League, Indian Badminton League, Pro Kabbadi and the Indian Sports League are some of the initiatives giving a major boost to the industry and also encouraging the younger generations to take up other sports in a country where cricket has dominated the sports culture since the British rule. Media is popularity Media investments continue to be an essential part of the industry via broadcast and advertising to reach TV households. Hindi seemed to be the preferred choice when it comes to watching sports. Cricket dominated the on-ground sponsorship among sports, but the nation has re-discovered its love for kabaddi, a game originating within the country, which has already overtaken football in terms of popularity and sponsorship. Cricketers, however, are still the best-paid sportspeople. The bigger picture 2019 was a successful year for Indian sports not just limited to the mainstream. Ace badminton player PV Sindhu won the gold at the World Championship. The shooting team finished with five gold medals in Rio, and the country lead the ISSF Senior World Cup events with 16 gold medals. The general audience in India, had seemed to make the shift from just daily soaps as a source of entertainment to the domestic sports industry, giving a much-needed boost to the latter in the global market. 
 This statistic shows the development of the Real Gross Domestic Product of the United States of America from 1990 to 2019 in annual numbers chained to the U.S. dollar value of the year 2012. In 2019, the United States generated about 19.07 trillion U.S. dollars (2012 chained). See the US GDP for further information. Real Gross domestic product is an inflation-adjusted measure that reflects the value of all goods and services produced in a given year, expressed in base-year prices. Real GDP in the U.S. The real GDP of the U.S. has increased from 9.37 trillion U.S. dollars (2012 chained) in 1990 to 19.07 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. Similarly to some other countries, the United States has experienced a steady growth in GDP over the last few years. India experienced a 6.5 percent growth from 2016 to 2017 while China’s GDP grew by 6.9 percent in the same period. One of the defining qualities of the United States’ economy is its diversity and advanced technological advancements. Industries such as finance, real estate, health care, and business and education services are large contributors to the economy, while the manufacturing sector accounts for about 11.4 percent of the country’s wealth. The GDP generated by each state can also vary widely based on principal industries and production. In 2018, California had one of the highest GDP’s in the United States, reaching 2.96 trillion U.S. dollars; comparatively, Vermont generated a GDP of 33.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 There were about 13.91 million married people living in Canada in 2018. This is a slight increase from the 12.07 million married people in 2000. Marriage requirements in Canada Marriage in Canada is administered by the Parliament of Canada. Both religious and nonreligious ceremonies are allowed, but all marriages must be recognized by the government. Same-sex marriage has been legal in Canada since 2005. The minimum age of the spouses for marriage is 16, but each province is able to set their own minimum age, which could result in the minimum age being higher than 16 years old. As a result, most provinces have increased the minimum age threshold to be 18 or 19 years old, and there are very few married people between the ages of 15 and 19 years old. Who gets married? Ontario was the province with the most married couples living there. For both genders, the number of marriages has increased in Canada since 2000, although more women were married than men. In January 2018, a little over half of Canadians thought that legal marriage was either not that important or not at all important for couples planning to be together long-term. 
 This statistic gives information on the most popular Pinterest categories according to users in the United States as of February 2017. During the survey, it was found that 37 percent of responding Pinterest users liked the clothing and apparel category on the site. 
General Electric’s headcount amounted to some 283,000 employees in 2018, of whom around 97,000 were employed in the United States. The company recently entered a restructuring phase and reduced its headcount by around 30,000 between 2017 and 2018. That said, General Electric (GE) still employs a similar number of people as most of its rivals, including Siemens and United Technologies Corporation. Of selloffs and layoffs In its heyday, GE stock traded at over 50 U.S. dollars per share. This changed dramatically when General Electric shares fell to a low of six U.S. dollars and 45 cents in December 2018. Earlier that year, the company had already dropped out of the Dow Jones Industrial Average (DJIA) index. The company’s net loss attributable to common shareowners of 22.8 billion U.S. dollars and the decline in stock value affected employee stock ownership plans, which was particularly felt by retirees who are now left fearing for their savings and might have to re-enter the labor market. 
 In 2017, some 32 percent of respondents stated they will probably have sex on Valentine's Day that year, while almost half of all respondents stated they probably won’t. Is romance really dead? Valentine’s Day is generally considered the most romantic day of the year, which people use to give flowers and tokens of appreciation to loved ones. About half of the American population celebrate Valentine’s Day, but this fact does not infer that the same share of the population is taken or in love; in fact, a certain share of respondents rather bought Valentine's presents for their pets last year rather than a significant other, and another significant share of respondents spent the day alone, with colleagues, friends, or with family, rather than with a spouse or a partner. Romance is lucrative Although the enthusiasm for Valentine’s Day in the U.S. might be lacking, consumption and spending (806027) for this occasion is not: Valentine’s Day sales in the United States (285028) have steadily increased over the last decade, likely cracking the 20 billion dollar mark in 2019, with gifting experiences and events gaining in popularity (285034) – but staples like jewelry and flowers are still going strong. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Greece semi-annually from 2010 to 2017. In the first half of 2016, the average electricity price for households was 17.6 euro cents per kWh and had increased to 19.36 the following year. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Australia from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Australia's population was 37.2 years. 
 The U.S. Army had the highest number of active duty personnel in 2018, with 471,990 troops. In the same year, the Coast Guard had the fewest number of active duty members, with 41,132. Army strong The Army is the largest, oldest, and most senior branch of the U.S. military, and can be traced back to the Continental Army, and was founded in order to fight in the Revolutionary War. The U.S. Army is comprised of the Regular Army, Army National Guard, and Army Reserve, and makes up the land warfare branch of the U.S. military. While General is the highest rank one can achieve within the Army, the U.S. president is the Commander-in-Chief and head of the military overall. This we’ll defend America is known the world over for being a strong military power, and Americans tend to have a lot of confidence in the military. The United States might not have the largest military in the world, but it outpaces all other countries in defense spending. 
 This statistic presents the number of paid dating subscribers registered to the Match Group as of the fourth quarter of 2019. In the last reported quarter, the Match Group's number of paid member count amounted to over 9.8 million users. The Match.com Group belongs to IAC and includes online dating platforms such as the eponymous Match.com, OkCupid, Tinder, PlentyofFish and others. 
 The U.S. state with the highest number of laying hens in 2018 was Iowa with 57.43 million head of chicken. The United States is also the second leading producer of eggs worldwide. Egg industry The global production volume of eggs reached 80 million metric tons in 2017, up from 55.1 million metric tons in 2000. The vast majority of the world’s chicken eggs are produced in China. In 2018, some 529 billion eggs were laid in China, about five times more than the United States. The total value of eggs produced in the United States peaked in 2015, but has since decreased. Egg retail in the United States In the United States eggs are a popular breakfast food as well as an ingredient in many recipes. Since chicken eggs seem to be more or less homogenous across different brands, private label eggs are the leading fresh egg brand in the United States in terms of dollar sales. In 2018, the best selling name brand of fresh eggs was Eggland’s Best, followed by Pete & Gerry’s. 
 The United States is a major producer of soybeans worldwide, with China importing the largest amount of U.S. grown soybeans of any country as of 2017. In that year, China imported nearly 32 million metric tons of soybeans from the United States. Soy foods Soybeans are naturally high in protein and hence a popular ingredient in vegetarian and vegan cuisine. Soy milk is a vegan and lactose-free alternative to cow’s milk, and soy sauce features heavily in East Asian cuisine. Tofu, tempeh, and miso are also all derived from soy. In the United States, the market value of soy food is expected to reach 16.75 billion U.S. dollars by 2019, up from 4.6 billion dollars in 2014. Soybean production in the United States The United States produces the highest volume of soybeans of any country, at around 123.66 million metric tons in 2018/2019. In the previous year, the total value of U.S. soybean production amounted to about 39.13 billion U.S. dollars. Within the United States, the states with the most soybean cultivation are located in the Midwest. Illinois topped the list with over 698 million bushels of soybeans produced in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the imports of goods and services from the United States between 1990 and 2017, as a percentage of GDP. In 2017, the percentage of U.S. imports of the GDP amounted to 15.03 percent. 
 In 2019, Saudi Arabia's estimated unemployment rate amounted to approximately 5.92 percent. This increase is up .03 percent from the year before. The unemployment rate is defined as the percentage of unemployed workers in the total labor force. Where are people employed? Saudi Arabia's population is around 33 million inhabitants, and of the employed workforce, most have jobs in the oil and gas industry. This is to be expected, as the economy is based on the production and trade of oil, and as such the oil sector has a value of about 1.1 trillion Saudi riyals. Facing challenges Saudi Arabia has several economic challenges to face, including the environmentally disastrous impact of its oil and natural gas production; state-funded company Saudi Aramco is listed at the top polluter worldwide. Socially, Saudi Arabia has had a tumultuous past in terms of women's rights, where women only gained the right to drive in 2018 thanks to a series of reforms and compose just 18 percent of the labor force. 
 The statistic shows the global rate of unemployment from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the global rate of unemployment amounted to 4.94 percent. 
 Target Corporation operates a chain of general merchandise stores, which offer a wide variety of general merchandise and food to their customers. The company has operated primarily in the United States since its inception. Target did have a number of stores in operation in the Canadian market, but these were all closed in 2015. Target Corporation had revenues amounting to approximately 75.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, making it one of the leading American retailers. The development of an American retail giant The company started out as the Dayton Dry Goods Company in 1902, later changing its name to the Dayton Company, but more commonly known as Dayton’s. The company was run under the Dayton-Hudson Corporation banner up until the year 2000, when it was renamed Target Corporation. The company spread across the United States and even entered the Canadian market for brief period. Target Corporation has an impressive number of stores in the United States. Today, Target is one of the most valuable retail brands in the world.Where does Target’s revenue come from? Target Corporation sells a wide range of goods, such as food, apparel, household essentials, and seasonal offerings, as well as many others. The company also sells products online, through target.com. Target’s sales share is quite evenly distributed, with no one product segment outperforming the others by any great margin.
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in the United Kingdom from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in the United Kingdom was at about 2.48 percent compared to the previous year. For comparison, inflation in India amounted to 3.6 percent that same year. 
 This statistic shows annual change in average global airfares from 2010 to 2018. In 2014, the average global airfare decreased by 0.6 percent compared to the previous year. Global airfares were forecasted to increase by 3.5 percent in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of school shootings in the United States from 1970 to December 20, 2019. As of December 20, 2019, there were 110 school shootings in the United States. 2018 had the highest number of school shootings, with 116. 
 In the third quarter of 2019, Facebook announced that over seven million active advertisers were using the social networking platform to promote their products and services, up from six million advertisers in the first quarter of the previous year. Facebook advertising revenue Facebook generates the vast majority of its revenues through advertising. In 2018, the social network’s ad revenue amounted to over 55 billion U.S. dollars, compared to merely 825 million payments and other fees revenue. Most of Facebook’s ad sales are generated via mobile, to the tune of 50.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The company stated that mobile accounted for 92 percent of its total advertising revenue. This is hardly surprising when looking at the dominance of Facebook’s mobile presence which includes the namesake platform app but also Facebook Messenger, Instagram, WhatsApp, and various other Facebook properties and products. Facebook’s advertising revenue in the United States is projected to amount to 39.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2021, marking a dramatic increase from an estimated 23.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. During the same period, global Facebook ad revenues are set to amount to almost 95 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Canada from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the gross domestic product in Canada was around 1.71 trillion U.S. dollars. The economy of Canada Canada is the second biggest country in the world after Russia and the biggest country in North America. Despite its large size, Canada has a relatively small population of just around 35.9 million people. However, the total population in Canada is estimated to grow to around 37.5 million inhabitants in 2020. The standard of living in the country is pretty high, the life expectancy as of 2013 in Canada ranks as one of the highest in the world. In addition, the country ranks number eight on the Human Development Index (HDI) worldwide. All key factors point to a stable and sustainable economy. Not only is Canada’s population increasing, but the economy has been slowly recovering after the global financial crisis in 2008. The unemployment rate in Canada in 2010 was at approximately 8 percent (263696). Today, the unemployment rate in Canada is estimated to be around 6.8 percent, and it is estimated to decrease further. During the financial crisis in 2008, Canada's inflation rate amounted to around 2.4 percent. By 2013, the inflation rate was at less than 1 percent in comparison to the previous year. Canada is considered to be one of the world’s wealthiest countries. By value of private financial wealth, Canada ranked seventh along with Italy. In addition, its gross domestic product per capita in 2014 was among the largest in the world and during the same year, its gross domestic product increased by over 2.5 percent in comparison to the previous year. Canada’s economic growth has been a result of its political stability and economic reforms following the global financial crisis. In the period between 2009 and 2010, Canada was among the leading countries with the highest political stability in the world. 
 As of 2017, the number of immigrants in Malaysia amounted to approximately 2.7 million. As one of the biggest economies in Southeast Asia, Malaysia is an attractive destination for workers from neighboring countries seeking better wages and employment. Indonesians make up the majority of immigrants With their shared culture, religion and a very similar language, Indonesia was the single biggest contributor of immigrants to Malaysia. Indonesians also make up the bulk of migrant workers there, with many having sought employment in construction, agriculture, or as domestic helpers. In 2017, however, the estimated number of Indonesian migrant workers in Malaysia differed from the official numbers given by the Indonesian government, indicating a significant portion who might have undertaken the journey to work in Malaysia illegally. Perceptions on immigration Immigration is a sensitive topic in Malaysia, and more Malaysians seemed to view it negatively than positively. Immigrants, especially those in Malaysia illegally, are routinely blamed for a host of problems from crime to loss of jobs, and Malaysians seemed to believe that there were more immigrants than there actually were in the country. Despite their misgivings, however, Malaysia needed these immigrants to take on jobs that most locals would not do and to make up for the shortage of manpower it faced. 
 This statistic highlights the distribution of Tinder users in the United States as of July 2016, sorted by gender. During the survey period it was found that 67.8 percent of U.S. Tinder users were male. 
 This statistic shows BMW's global market share from 2000 to 2014, based on production volume. BMW's market share reached 2.63 in 2003. In 2011, the German automaker had a global market share of 2.82 percent. BMW's global market share Bayerische Motoren Werke, or more commonly, BMW, is ranked as one of the leading luxury automakers worldwide. The Germany-based automobile manufacturer was ranked as the second most valuable car brand in the world in 2014, reaching a brand value of around 25.7 billion U.S. dollars. Along with Audi and Mercedes, BMW’s namesake marque is one of the “German Big 3” luxury car brands. BMW's global market share grew from a little over two percent in 2000 to three percent in 2014. The potential of China’s large automobile market has helped boost sales of BMW’s luxury cars. China, the United States, and Germany account for the company’s largest automobile sales. Approximately 1.66 million BMW branded vehicles were sold in 2013. Rolls Royce and Mini also belong to the BMW Group, selling some 3,630 and 305,000 vehicles, respectively, in 2013. In 2012, the Dow Jones Sustainability Indexes named BMW the world’s most sustainable automotive company for the eight year standing. The group tries to reduce their carbon footprint through more efficient car designs as well as the development of EVs, PHEVs, and hydrogen cars. BMW expects that global sales will reach 2 million vehicles by the end of 2014 with the aid of their new 2-Series Active Tourer and 4-Series Gran Coupe models. 
 Nokia experienced a net loss of seven million euros in 2019, getting closer to turning a profit than the previous year. The Finnish company once known for cell phones has shifted its focus to providing telecommunication networks equipment and services - a market forecast to grow through 2020. A strong player in networks technology As part of its drive into networks technology, Nokia acquired communications equipment company Alcatel-Lucent in 2016 for 15.6 billion euros. This merger provided Nokia with access to inventive research for technology hardware and equipment so it could compete against industry rivals Huawei and Ericsson. Nokia’s business segment Nokia Networks, which Alcatel-Lucent was integrated into, generated the vast majority of Nokia's revenue in fiscal year 2018. Nokia leaves the phone business Nokia has experienced several directional changes during the last few decades. Once a successful phone manufacturer in the early 2000s, the company struggled with increasingly overwhelming competition from Apple and Samsung, leading to a decreasing share of the mobile phone market. Adding to Nokia’s struggle within the mobile phone market was remaining committed to their own mobile operating system (OS) Symbian for too long before switching to Google’s Android OS. After a fruitless partnership with Microsoft, Nokia sold its waning mobile and devices segment to Microsoft and focused on network infrastructure. In recent years, Nokia has invested much of its research and development on 5G cellular network technology.
 In 2018, hip-hop and rap music accounted for 21.7 percent of total music consumption in the United States, more than double the percentage of R&B music sales. Other highly popular genres included pop and rock music, whereas just 1.1 percent of all music sold in the U.S. in 2018 was jazz. Why are some genres more popular than others? Whilst music is a highly subjective medium in terms of the listener’s taste and preferences, the top genres in terms of consumption tend not to fluctuate heavily. The catchiness and familiarity of pop music is appealing to a wide range of music fans. Pop songs tend to be easy to listen to and remember, usually feature simple, snappy lyrics to avoid polarizing listeners, making pop overall less divisive than other genres because it is designed to generate mass appeal. Conversely, religious music by its very nature is a niche genre in that it encompasses, describes or advocates certain beliefs, giving it the equal ability to alienate some listeners while appealing enormously to others, depending on their religious stance. The hit genre of 2018 was hip-hop and rap, a music style notorious for its tendency to divide listeners. Singer Drake arguably influenced sales within the genre that year, with ‘Scorpion’ topping the list of best-selling albums in the United States based on total streams and ‘Scary Hours’ also making the top ten. Drake came tenth in the list of most successful music tours in North America, with revenue from his live concerts amounting to 79 million U.S. dollars, and second in the ranking was Jay-Z and Beyoncé with 166.4 million dollars in revenue, artists whose music is also strongly aligned with the rap and hip-hop genre. Other artists in the genre who achieved significant influence in 2018 include Kendrick Lamar, Childish Gambino, Cardi B, Travis Scott and Post Malone, many of whom released songs that year which garnered hundreds of millions of audio streams. The sheer amount of hip-hop and rap music flooding the music industry has had a profound effect on the genre’s popularity, and musicians in the category tend to be prolific songwriters and active social media users. Equally, artists in the genre are arguably passionate about creating music which challenges social norms in a way that rock music has always been famous for. 
 Johnson & Johnson (J&J) is a leading global diversified health and pharmaceutical company in many regards. It’s research and development (R&D) programs have received increasing funding from the company. In 2019, J&J expended 11.4 billion U.S. dollars on research and development programs. This is a significant increase from 2010 when the company spent 6.8 billion dollars on R&D. Johnson & Johnson’s global positioning Globally there are several top pharmaceutical companies, however Johnson & Johnson stand out about many of them with research and development being a top priority for the company. Therefore, it is no surprise that J&J is among the top three pharmaceutical companies based on its R&D spending. Johnson & Johnson also has one of the largest current research and development pipelines among global pharmaceutical companies. The importance of pharmaceutical R&D Among all industries, pharmaceuticals and biotechnology are among those with the largest investments in research and development. Pharmaceutical research and development is the process in which pharmaceutical companies apply research to generate new pharmaceutical products which in most cases involves clinical trials. The number of drugs being researched and developed globally has never been higher than in recent years. However, the success rate for new drugs in development is only around 10 percent. 
 More than 86 percent of Mexican internet users surveyed in 2019 claimed they used Tinder for finding dates. Meanwhile, one out of four respondents cited Bumble and 12.3 percent of people surveyed mentioned Happn. Sex and solitude Approximately 42.7 percent of Mexicans who used dating apps stated in 2017 that they did so in order to find friends. Still nearly three out of ten people surveyed said they resorted to those apps to have sexual encounters, more than the 27.4 percent who claimed to focus on finding a partner. Around 27 percent of Mexicans who participated in another survey said they thought they would feel lonely most of the time throughout 2020. LGBTQ+ online Over 11 percent of internet users surveyed in Mexico stated that they used Grindr, a dating app focused on gay men. Homosexuality has been officially legalized in the country for nearly a century and a half. Now sex and gender-deviant people there surf the web more often. On average, lesbians, gays, bisexuals, transgenders and other persons who do not identify as heterosexual and/or cisgender (LGBTQ+) in Mexico spent more time online than non-LGBTQ+ people as of June 2019. 
 The Irish low-cost carrier Ryanair saw an astonishing growth in the amount of net profits generated, before suffering a roughly 39 percent decline in its latest financial year. Between 2012/13 and 2017/18, the Dublin based company was able to nearly triple their net profits. In 2017/18, this figure reached 1.45 billion euros, roughly 10 million euros lower than its peak in 2015/16, before dropping to 885 million euros in 2018/19.Ryanair was established in 1984 and heavily profited from the European Union’s deregulation of the air industry in 1998, allowing it to operate air travel between other EU member states. Why the fall in profits? With its generally affordable ticket prices, Ryanair’s increase in profitability observed until 2017/18, was mainly due to a growing number of passengers choosing to travel with the airline. However, the company states that higher oil prices as well as greater payroll costs, extended strikes by air traffic control and staff shortage resulted in the prominent decline of net profits seen in 2018/19. Commercial airline profits Net profits of worldwide commercial airlines were at an all time high in 2017. Despite a decline for 2019, figures were still significantly greater than those reported at the beginning of the decade. However, airlines operating in Europe were set to see a more pronounced decline in profits compared to those from other regions. 
 This statistic shows the top ten U.S. states based on production value of oats in 2018. That year, the value of oats production in Michigan amounted to approximately 10.24 million U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, 72.68 percent of homicides were committed by firearm in the United States. While this figure has remained relatively steady since 2006, it has been increasing since 2016. Firearms in the United States Firearms in the United States have become a large part of American culture. The Second Amendment of the Constitution protects the right to keep and bear arms. This amendment has been cited as a reason why gun control laws should not become stricter. However, many Americans are in favor of stricter gun control laws due to the increase of shootings in the country. Handguns were the most frequently used weapon used on murder victims in 2018, and overall, the United States was the country with the highest rate of civilian-owned firearms. Who owns firearms? Firearms are more popular in certain parts of the United States than others. Texas was the state with the highest number of registered weapons in 2019, with Florida, California, Virginia, and Pennsylvania rounding out the top five. Firearm laws vary from state to state, which means it is easier to obtain a firearm in some states than in others. Gun owners in the United States are typically white, and men are more likely to personally own a gun than women. 
 This statistic shows the number of global unique visitors to the social network Tumblr.com from May 2019 to October 2019. As of that month, the social website had 336 million unique visitors worldwide, down from 364.5 million in May 2019. In December 2018, the platform banned porn and adult content, a controversial move that has sparked user outrage and caused artists and sex workers to move to other sites. 
 This statistic gives information on the mobile internet penetration in India from 2015 to 2023. In 2018, 29 percent of the population accessed the internet from their mobile phone. This figure is expected to grow to 35 percent in 2023. 
 South Africa’s inflation has been quite stable for the past years, levelling off between 4.58 and 6.3 percent, and is in fact expected to stabilize at around 5 percent in the future. South Africa is a mixed economy, generating most of its GDP through the services sector, especially tourism. However, the country struggles with unemployment and poverty. Inflation who? The inflation rate of a country is an important key factor to determine the country’s economic strength. It is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket, containing goods and services on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include, for example, expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, utilities, but also recreational activities, and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. Some of these goods are more volatile than others – food prices, for example, are considered less reliable. The European Central Bank aims to keep inflation at around two percent in the long run. What happened in 2016? In 2016, South Africa’s inflation rate peaked at over 6.3 percent, and gross domestic product, and thus economic growth , took a hit, a sure indicator that something was affecting the country’s economic scaffolding: Low growth due to weak demand and an uncertain political future caused a crisis; then-President Jacob Zuma’s alleged mismanagement and unstable reign steeped in controversy and criminal charges even caused the economy’s outlook to be downgraded by ratings agencies. Zuma was relieved of his office in 2018 – ever since, inflation, GDP, and economic growth seem to have stabilized. 
 The statistic shows the total technology spending worldwide from 2014 to 2019. In 2018, the global tech spending is forecast to amount to 3,212 billion U.S. dollars. The global technology market includes telecom services, tech outsourcing and hardware maintenance, tech consulting and systems integration services, software, communications equipment, and computer equipment. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Brazil from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, the number of Facebook users in Brazil reached 75.6 million, up from 71.9 million in 2017. Facebook users in Brazil – additional information One of the leading online activities worldwide is social networking. Founded in 2004, Facebook is the most popular social network in the world with 1.97 billion monthly active users. Facebook-owned WhatsApp is ranked second, with 1.2 billion monthly active users each as of April 2017. Instagram, acquired by Facebook in 2012, is amongst the top 10 leading social networks worldwide in regards of number of users. In terms of use of the social network, about 80 percent of the global active Facebook users had clicked the "like" button in the past month, making this activity the most popular one on Facebook. Other popular activities on Facebook include watching a video, reading an article and messaging friends on a 1-to-1 basis, and reading news stories. Brazil is one of the leading countries based on number of Facebook users. As of May 2016, there were about 90 million Brazilian users registered on Facebook. Brazilian users accounted for seven percent of the global Facebook population, only behind market leaders India and the U.S. By 2021, it is estimated that the number of Facebook in Brazil will pass the 120 million mark for the first time. Facebook also has the highest penetration rate amongst social networks in Brazil – 31 percent as of the fourth quarter of 2015. WhatsApp has the second highest penetration rate, about 29 percent, while Facebook Messenger’s penetration rate in the country stood at 24 percent. In line with the projected growth in number of users, Facebook penetration in Brazil is forecast to increase in the coming years. It is expected that over 56 percent of the population in Brazil will be accessing Facebook by 2021. 
 This statistic gives information on the share of internet users who watch online videos as of January 2018, by country. During the survey, it was found that 85 percent of U.S. internet users watched online video content on any device. Saudi Arabia was ranked first with a 95 percent online video penetration among the online population. Saudi Arabia also ranks highest for daily online video access. Engagement with online video content in the U.S.– additional information In the United States, YouTube ranks first as market leader among video and entertainment websites, leaving VoD providers Netflix and Hulu staggering behind. Online videos include a variety of types from a six second long Vine to a full length movie and can be accessed via any device with an internet connection. The weekly time spent by U.S. users watching video content on smartphones has grown steadily over time. The results reveal that smartphone users aged 18 to 24 years spent more time watching video content than any other age group as they spent on average 83 minutes consuming videos per week. In contrast, smartphone users aged between 50 and 64 years only spent an average of 36 minutes per week watching mobile video content.
 In 2018, global stainless steel production was measured around 50.7 million metric tons. This figure has increased significantly over the course of the past decade, when the yearly global stainless steel production was well below 30 million metric tons. Stainless steel is an iron alloy that is resistant to stains or rusts due to a high level of chromium. Global steel industry Stainless steel is used in a variety of industries including construction, automobile assembly, chemical processing, piping and pollution control, to name a few. Globally, the North American Federal Trade Agreement (NAFTA) states and the Commonwealth of Independent States (CIS) have seen the largest increase in not just stainless but overall steel use in recent years. Stainless steel in the U.S. The U.S. accounts for a small percentage of the global stainless steel production; however, the production of stainless steel in the U.S. has increased in recent years as well. That said, the U.S. and other NAFTA countries also continue to rely on stainless steel imports to meet demand. Regionally, most of the stainless steel imported to NAFTA countries comes from Asia and Western Europe. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Brazil from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. The figures refer to the whole country and include the debts of the state, the communities, the municipalities and the social insurances. In 2018, the national debt of Brazil amounted to approximately 87.89 percent of the GDP. Brazil's economy Brazil has one of the largest economies in the world by gross domestic product ) and Purchasing Power Parity. In 2014, the Brazil's gross domestic product amounted to around 2.24 trillion U.S. dollars. However, it is estimated that by 2030, Brazil will have the fourth highest gross domestic product in the world. In 2014, the United States reported the largest gross domestic product worldwide. However, the estimated national debt of the United States in 2014 was over 105 percent of the gross domestic product, while the estimated national debt of Brazil was approximately 66 percent the same year. Even though the national debt of Brazil has slightly decreased over the last decade, it still remains relatively high. A country's national debt refers to the whole country and includes the debts of the state, the communities, the municipalities and the social insurances. In Brazil, the high national debt is also due to country's trade deficit. In 2013, Brazil’s trade deficit amounted to an estimated 3.3 percent of the GDP, adding up to approximately 8.3 billion U.S. dollars in total. 
 The statistic shows the GDP of the United Kingdom between 1984 and 2018, with projections up until 2024, in US dollars.Private-sector-led economic recovery GDP is counted among the primary indicators that are used to gauge the state of health of a national economy. GDP is the total value of all completed goods and services that have been produced within a country in a given period of time, usually a year. GDP figures allow us to gain a broader understanding of a country’s economy in a clear way. Real GDP, in a similar way, is also a rather useful indicator; this is a measurement that takes prices changes (inflation and deflation) into account, thereby acting as a key indicator for economic growth. The gross domestic product of the United Kingdom is beginning to show signs of recovery since seeing a sharp decline in the wake of the financial crisis. The decreasing unemployment rate in the United Kingdom is also indicating that the worst could be over for the country. However, some concerns have arisen about what forms of employment are being represented, how stable the jobs are, and whether or not they are simply being cited by officials in government as validation for reforms that are criticized by opponents as being ‘ideologically motivated’. Whatever the political motivation, the coalition government’s efforts to let the private sector lead the economic recovery through increasing employment in the UK in the private sector appear, for now at least, to be working. 
 This statistic shows the share of the European Union in the global gross domestic product based on purchasing-power-parity from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, the share of the European Union in the global gross domestic product based on purchasing-power-parity amounted to an estimated 16.28 percent. The EU GDP amounted to 13.92 trillion euros in 2014. 
 The median age of the population in Japan has steadily been increasing since 1950 and is projected to be around 48 years old in 2020. As of 2017, the median age of Japan is the second highest in the world, behind the Principality of Monaco. The elderly in Japan An improved quality of life and regular health checks are just two reasons why Japan has one of the highest life expectancies in the world. The life expectancy from birth in Japan improved significantly after World War II, rising 20 years in the decade between 1945 and 1955. As life expectancy continues to increase, Japan expects difficulties caring for the older generation in the future. Shortages in the service sector are already a major concern, with demand for nurses and care workers increasing. Fertility and birth rates The fertility rate among Japan’s population has been around 1.4 children per woman since 2010. Apart from a small baby boom in the early seventies, the crude birth rate of Japan has been declining since 1950 and is expected to be as low as 7.5 births per thousand people in 2020. With falling birth rates and such a large share of its inhabitants reaching their later years, Japan’s total population is expected to continue declining. 
 This statistic displays the proportion of individuals who wear eye spectacles in selected European countries in 2017. In this year, Slovakia had the highest proportion of individuals wearing eyeglasses with approximately 85 percent doing so. This was followed by Serbia at 70 percent and the United Kingdom at 68 percent. The average percentage of individuals in Europe wearing spectacles was 48.34 percent. 
 As of June 2019, Cristiano Ronaldo still holds the record for most goals scored in final matches of the UEFA Champions League with a total of four goals throughout his career. Ronaldo also shares the record for most appearances in Champions League finals with Paolo Maldini, both played in six finals. More all-time records for Cristiano Ronaldo Ronaldo is also the all-time leading goal scorer in the Champions League with 127 goals before Lionel Messi with 112 goals. However, when it comes to most matches played in the Champions League Ronaldo comes in second with 166 games under his belt behind Iker Casillas with 181 games. Increasing broadcasting revenues The Champions League generated a revenue of approximately 2.1 billion euros in 2018, of which the vast majority came from broadcasting rights. Roughly 1.4 billion euros were redistributed to the football clubs. Real Madrid received the largest share of 88.65 million, followed by AS Roma with 83.8 million and Liverpool with 81.28 million euros. 
 In 2018, the average wage in Mexico achieved its highest level within the period presented, amounting to 16,298 U.S. dollars per year. In contrast, this value was equal to15,905 U.S. dollars in 2000, making it the year with the lowest average wage of the period. 
 This statistic shows the number of hospital admission episodes for dog bites and strikes in England from April 2017 to March 2018, by age group. People aged between 50 and 59 were the most likely victims of dog bites and strikes, with just over 1.3 thousand admissions in this reporting year. 
 Since 1990, the employment rate of women in the United States has stayed more or less steady. In 1990, the female employment rate was 54.3 percent, and in 2018, the employment rate was at 55.4 percent. However, it reached a peak in 2000 at 57.5 percent. Women in the workforce Women in the workforce have historically not been treated the same way as men. There are many inequalities in all aspects of work, from salaries to promotion, although worldwide, the number of women joining the workforce has been increasing. Women were originally relegated to being stay-at-home wives and mothers who were supposed to take care of the household while men worked. For a long time, women were not able to attend university, which barred them from gaining an education and a professional job. However, as society developed, women have been granted equal access to university. Despite this, the unemployment rate of women in the United States has fluctuated significantly since 1990. In 2017, Minnesota was the state with the highest percentage of women participating in the civilian labor force. The wage gap Today, the wage gap is still a problem for women, but has improved from years past. The wage gap is where women are paid less for doing the same job as men, despite having the same level of education and experience. One of the industries that saw the most disparity in pay between men and women in the United States was the finance and insurance industry. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Thailand from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 49.95 percent of Thailand's total population lived in urban areas and cities. The migration of the Thai population to metropolises and urban areas Thailand is in the midst of transforming itself from a predominantly rural country to an increasingly urban one. In as little as ten years, the country has shifted from 36 percent urban to almost 50 percent urban, which means that half of the population now lives in cities and urban areas. While Thailand's urbanization rates are still low compared to other developed nations - which can reach levels of 80-90 percent -, this transformation in Thailand is still significant, especially as most of this growth occurs and is expected to occur in the Krung Thep area, better known as Bangkok, capital and largest city in Thailand. Krung Thep is now home to more than 5.7 million people. The number of tourists and overnight visitors to the city is also on the rise: In 2015 alone, the city had more than 18 million visitors. This development will place increasing demands on urban infrastructure, as the city grows and grows. The second largest city in Thailand is Nonthaburi, but it only has around one quarter of a million inhabitants, a significant difference. Despite the country’s rural but shifting population, Thailand's fertility rate is low and below the natural replacement rate, and population growth in general is thus only minimal. Interestingly, despite this migration, agriculture has retained a stable share in GDP generation, actually increasing slightly over time, while the contributions of industry and services to GDP have also remained relatively the same. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Toronto Maple Leafs from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Toronto Maple Leafs amounted to 243 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic shows the combined revenue of EY (Ernst & Young) worldwide from 2009 to 2019. In the fiscal year of 2019, EY generated approximately 36.4 billion U.S. dollars, up from 34.8 billion the previous year. EY (Ernst & Young) – additional information Ernst & Young is a global professional services firm and one of the Big Four auditing firms, the others being Deloitte, KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). The company now abbreviates its name to EY since rebranding in 2013. EY provides several business services including, assurance, advisory, tax, and transaction advisory services. The company is spread globally with operations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, Asia-Pacific and Japan. Since 2010, the revenue of Ernst & Young has continuously grown, increasing by over seven billion U.S. dollars in five years. As of 2019, EY was the third third largest accounting firm in the world in terms of revenue, following Deloitte and PwC. In the same year the firm also ranked second in terms of employment with over 284,000 employees worldwide. The next largest was PwC with approximately 276,000 employees worldwide. In 2019, EY generated the majority of its revenue in the Americas, grossing 16.75 billion U.S. dollars. Prior to 2015, Ernst & Young consistently generated its highest revenues in the EMEIA (Europe, Middle East, India and Africa) business region, accumulating over 200 million U.S. dollars more than in the Americas in 2014. 
How many dogs are there in the US? According to a pet owners survey, there were approximately 89.7 million dogs owned in the United States in 2017. This is an increase of over 20 million since the beginning of the survey period in 2000, when around 68 million dogs were owned in the United States. Why has this figure increased? The resident population of the United States has also increased significantly within this time period. It is, therefore, no surprise that the number of dogs owned in U.S. households has also increased, especially when considering that the household penetration rate for dog-ownership reached almost 50 percent in recent years. The dog food market in the United States The large number of dogs owned by Americans creates a lucrative market for pet food brands and retailers. Pedigree, the leading dry dog food name brand in the U.S., had sales amounting to around 550 million U.S. dollars in 2017. Pedigree also led the pack in the wet dog food category , with sales of around 240 million U.S. dollars in the same year. 
 This statistic shows the total annual expenditure on furniture and furnishings in the United Kingdom from 2005 to 2018, based on volume. In 2018, UK households purchased approximately 19.1 billion British pounds worth of furniture and furnishings, an increase on the previous year of roughly one and a half billion British pounds. According to results of the 2017 Statista Global Consumer survey, 24 percent of UK consumers have bought furniture and household goods online in the last 12 months, while 33 percent claim to mostly look online for information about these products. Over the past seven years there has been a decline in the number of furniture manufacturing enterprises in the United Kingdom, with a decrease of nearly 150 manufacturing enterprises since 2008. It seems now that the United Kingdom is importing its furniture from outside of the European Union instead of manufacturing it dosmetically, with imports reaching 3.38 billion British pounds in 2016. This number has significantly increased since 2003, where only 1.79 billion British pounds worth of furniture goods were imported from non-European countries. 
 This statistic shows the consumer price index for urban consumers in the United States of America from 1992 to 2019. In 2019, the CPI was 255.66. Data represents U.S. city averages. The monthly inflation rate for the United States can be found here. United States urban Consumer Price Index (CPI) The U.S. Consumer Price Index is a measure of change in the price of consumer goods and services purchased by households. The CPI is defined by the United States Bureau of Labor Statistics as "a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services." To calculate the CPI, the Bureau of Labor Statistics considers the price of goods and services from various categories: housing, transportation, apparel, food & beverage, medical care, recreation, education and other/uncategorized. The CPI is a useful measure, as it indicates how the cost of urban living in the United States has changed over time, compared to a base period. CPI is also used to calculate inflation, or change in the purchasing power of money. According to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics, the U.S. urban CPI has been rising steadily since 1992. As of 2019, the CPI was 255.66, up from 214.54 ten years earlier and up from 166.6 twenty years earlier. This indicates the extent to which, compared to a base period 1982-1984 = 100, the price of various goods and services has risen. 
 German vehicle manufacturer Volkswagen sold 14,687 cars in the United Kingdom in December 2019. Generally, sales figures were highest in March and September of each year, with September 2018 being a notable exception. The Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency issues new registration plates in September and March, which usually corresponds with an increased sales volume. The company’s UK market share in December 2019 amounted to 9.86 percent. Dieselgate In 2015, Volkswagen was caught deliberately cheating in emissions tests, by fitting their diesel cars with software designed to lower emissions levels in testing conditions, in order to meet respective air quality standards. Although they were not the only car maker exposed for such practices, as the first name connected with the scandal, Volkswagen became synonymous with “Dieselgate”. As of April 5, 2019, the European Commission has come to the preliminary conclusion that German carmakers Volkswagen, BMW and the Daimler AG had breached EU antitrust rules by colluding to mitigate competition on emissions technology. Volkswagen maintains UK market position Despite Volkswagen’s struggles, the company was able to maintain its market postion in the UK and also topped a list of largest automotive companies by revenue in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the percent of households in the United Kingdom (UK) that own a dishwasher from 1994 to 2018. In 1994, when this survey was initiated, 18 percent of households owned a dishwasher. As of 2018, that number has increased significantly to 49 percent of households. The market penetration was highest in the most recent year. Dishwashers are electronically powered machines that wash dishware and cutlery using hot water and detergent. Dishwashers first became domestically available and popular in the 1950s. Of course, at first dishwashers were a technology mainly available to the wealthy. Some nations seem to make use of dishwashers more than others. Germany for example has quite a high penetration compared to the UK. Imports of dishwashers into the UK have been on the rise in recent years, whereas exports have seen a slight decline in recent years. Dishwashers are very popular in the hotel and restaurant industry, since efficiency and speed of services are a high priority. 
 Infant mortality has been falling in Bangladesh in the past decade, from 43.2 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2008 to 25.1 in 2018. This figure helps to assess the overall healthcare system’s efficacy, because childbirth and infant care require more direct patient care than any other period of life. Similarly, measures taken to combat infant mortality often have spillover effects, improving the entire healthcare system. Population in Bangladesh Bangladesh has one of the highest population densities in the world. While the economy is growing at a fair rate, gross domestic product (GDP) per capita is still low. This points to Bangladesh’s status as a developing nation. However, these indicators also suggest that the country continues to flourish. This development can benefit a significant number of people. Other development indicators As health outcomes improve, life expectancy should follow. This will lead to an upward shift in the population pyramid, which measures the age structure in a country. Such a change means that there are more workers in the medium term, increasing the country’s productivity. Productivity growth then enables more expenditure on health care, creating a virtuous cycle. For this reason, experts follow infant mortality closely. 
 In 2019, the highest unemployment rate was registered in the South of Italy. Sicily, Calabria, and Campania, the three regions where the shares of citizens without a job exceeded 18 percent, led in the ranking of Italian regions with the highest unemployment rates. The disparities in unemployment indicators can be observed not only on the regional level, but also among genders. In the year considered, almost one in four women in Calabria were without a job, whereas the share of unemployed males was of 19.6 percent. The region with the highest percentage of employed individuals, both men and women, was Trentino-South Tyrol. Economic crisis in Italy Unemployment is a serious problem in Italy, which began to worsen alongside with the beginning of the financial crisis in 2008. The crisis in the Italian labor market reached its peak in 2014, when 12.7 percent of the citizens were without a job. Since 2015, the situation has been improving; the unemployment rate started a steadily decrease, which continued in the following years. Unemployment in the European Union In January 2019, Italy ranked third in the EU classification of member states with the highest unemployment rate. The first country in the ranking was Greece, where more than 18 percent of all potential employees did not have any occupation. 
 This statistic displays the average duration of unemployment in the United States from 1990 to 2019, in weeks. In 1990, the average duration of unemployment was 12 weeks. The duration increased to 21.6 weeks in 2019. For monthly updates on unemployment in the United States, check either the monthly national unemployment rate here, or the monthly state unemployment rate here. 
How many homicides are registered in England and Wales? There were 701 homicides recorded in England and Wales in 2018/19, slightly fewer than in the previous reporting year of 2017/18, when there were 728 homicides. Between 2002/03 and 2013/14 the number of homicides in England and Wales almost halved from over 1 thousand to just over 530. The recent rise in the number of homicides has occurred alongside an increase in the overall number of crimes, with police officials linking this to long-term cuts to their manpower and resources. Links with knife crime This statistic presents the overall number of homicides in England and Wales, which includes all offences classed as murder, manslaughter of infanticide. Homicides involving a sharp instrument were involved in over 260 incidents in 2017/18, making it the most common method of killing in England and Wales. Unsurprisingly overall knife offences have also risen in recent years, and there are worries carrying a knife has become natural to many youths across the country. Media focus on London The British media has naturally focused a significant amount of attention on London which had a homicide rate of 18.4 per million people in 2017/18, second only to the North West of England. Stabbings of young people across the capital are frequently in the headlines of the major UK newspapers, and are often attributed to an increasingly violent and self-confident gang culture in London. 
 This statistic gives information on retail e-commerce sales in Canada from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, retail e-commerce sales of physical goods amounted to almost 40 billion U.S. dollars and are projected to increase to 53.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2022. Online retail in Canada - additional information On a global scale, B2C e-commerce sales are expected to reach approximately 1.5 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018, up from nearly 995 billion in 2015. The Canadian market is expected to see sales figures increase from 29.6 billion Canadian dollars in 2015 to 44 billion in 2018. At the same time, sources forecast that online sales share within total industry sales will also exhibit a growing trend. It is said that e-commerce will account for eight percent of total retail sales in Canada in 2018 – that’s a three percent increase from 2014. With this in mind, approximately 26 percent of surveyed retailers indicated they were planning to advance their e-commerce performance as of 2014. That year it was found that 66 percent of retailers offering online shopping or services were conducting business within the apparel category, while 59 percent who said they provided e-commerce services to their customers came from the fast food vertical. Also, the majority of retailers in these two sectors believed that online shopping growth had a positive effect on their businesses. Most of the responding retailers agreed that online shopping was helping their companies attract new customers. What is more, when asked to identify ways in which online shopping influences their business, 57 percent said that it helped increase their company’s total sales and revenues. All in all, Canada’s e-commerce market is relatively strong. It was calculated, that in 2014 there were 20.2 million digital buyers in the country. This number is predicted to reach 22.5 million digital shoppers by the end of 2018. 
 In 2018, Bosch generated around 78 billion euros in revenue. Officially Robert Bosch GmbH, the multinational engineering and electronics company is one of Germany's top brands and among the largest engineering and electronics companies in Germany. Takeovers boost revenue In 2015, the revenue of Bosch jumped by over 20 billion euros. Around this time, Robert Bosch performed several important takeovers that boosted revenue streams. Included is a three billion euro takeover of a joint venture with Siemens Hausgeräte. The Bosch and Siemens partnership, known as BSH, still operates under the same name producing home appliances. A partnership also existed between Bosch and competitor ZF Friedrichshafen AG. The joint venture, ZF Lenksysteme, were producers of electronic steering systems for road vehicles. Following the takeover, Bosch acquired all shares of the four billion euro operation and changed the name to Robert Bosch Automotive Steering. Mergers and acquisitions among the largest companies in Germany can be worth tens of billions of euros. 
 This statistic presents the annual gross app revenues of the Apple App Store from 2017 to 2019. In the last reported year, customers spent an estimated 54.2 billion U.S. dollars on on in-app purchases, subscriptions, and premium appsin the Apple App store. Additional information The App Store was launched in 2008 to coincide with Apple’s iPhone 3G release. Apps can be downloaded directly to iOS devices such as the iPhone smartphone, the iPod Touch handheld computer, and the iPad tablet computer, or onto a personal computer via iTunes. Many apps are available for free or utilize a freemium payment model, which allows the user to download the app without upfront costs but generates revenues through in-app payments. At present, the average price of apps and games is approximately one U.S. dollar. The most popular monetization models according to global app developers are advertising and contract work, with paid downloads ranking just third. The most popular app categories are gaming, business, and education, followed by lifestyle and entertainment apps. The most popular iOS apps worldwide are Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram. In Apple’s fiscal period Q4 2018, the company sold 46.9 million iPhones and 9.67 million iPads. 
 This statistic represents new retail motorcycle sales* in the United States from 2013 through 2017. In 2017, about 470,000 new motorcycles were sold to customers in the United States. Retail sales have largely been declining since 2006. 
 This statistic shows the number of casinos worldwide by region in 2011. In that year, North America was the region with the most casinos with 1,623. In 2016, the U.S. casino gaming market had revenues of 71.1 billion U.S. dollars. The state of Nevada, where the gambling center Las Vegas is located, had casino gaming revenues of 10.62 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. 
 The average per game attendance during the 2019 NFL regular season was 66,151, the league’s lowest figure across the entire decade. The Dallas Cowboys had the highest average attendance of all the 32 NFL teams, averaging 91,619 for their eight regular-season home games in 2019. Cowboys in a league of their own Since moving to AT&T Stadium in 2009, the Dallas Cowboys have led the NFL in average regular-season home attendance for ten consecutive seasons. During that time, the Cowboys have averaged around 90,000 per home game, well above the league average of around 66,000. At the other end of the rankings, the Los Angeles Chargers had the lowest average regular-season home attendance in 2019. Touchdown in London for the NFL Regular-season NFL games have been played every year in London since 2007, and the attendances for these games are included in the figures for the designated home teams. The NFL London games have been a huge success: an attendance of more than 60,000 was achieved for each of the four games held in 2019. Of all the 32 franchises playing in the NFL, the only one to have not played in London is the Green Bay Packers. 
 This statistic displays the average Chinese domestic prices for selected rare earth oxides as of January 8, 2018. At that time, Cerium oxide had an average domestic price of 14,000 renminbi per metric ton. 
 There are many women’s health products available in the U.S. The top women’s health product based on revenue in 2016 was Prolia, marketed by Amgen. Prolia generated 1.05 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2016. Prolia is used for the treatment of osteoporosis. Comparatively, the second highest revenue generating health product for women was Premarin which generated 956 million U.S. dollars. Women’s health concerns Women face specific health issues including certain cancers, diseases, mental health challenges and reproductive health issues. A recent survey indicated that the most pressing health issues among American women include mental health, cancer and heart health. The leading causes of death among women in the United States are similar to these concerns. Heart disease and cancer are the top killers, followed by stroke.Women’s preventative health measures Female health and family planning are hugely important for women’s health. About half of U.S. women had visited a gynecologist within the past year. Gynecologists are responsible for many aspects of female health including child birth, pap smears and breast exams. The percentage of U.S. women that had received a pap test has decreased in recent years. One female health product that is on the rise is contraceptive. The sales of over-the-counter contraceptive products for women has increased in recent years. Contraceptives have become much more affordable in the United States as there are no longer patents that prevent a combined use of estrogen and progesterone for oral contraception. Both of these hormones are easy to synthesize and manufacture. 
 This statistic depicts the total number of employees of L'Oréal worldwide from 2010 to 2017. In 2016, L'Oréal employed a total of 89,135 people throughout the world. L'Oréal is the world's largest cosmetics and beauty company, concentrating on hair color, skin care, sun protection, make-up, perfumes, and hair care. The company is also the leading nano-technology patent-holder in the United States. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, Google's revenue amounted to 45.8 billion U.S. dollars, up from 40.34 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding quarter. Google's main revenue source is advertising through Google sites and its network. In 2019, Google accounted for the majority of parent company Alphabet's revenues with 113.26 billion U.S. dollars in Google website ad revenues alone. The majority of Google’s revenue comes from advertising through Google owned and operated properties such as Google Search, Google Maps and more. Revenues generated from Google’s network member’ websites include revenue from ads served through advertising programs such as AdSense for AdSearch for example. Other revenue include digital content products and apps sold through Google’s Play digital content distribution platform, as well as hardware include Chromecast devices and smartphones. Digital content platform Google Play is an increasingly important contributor to Google’s bottom line, especially as smartphones sales and Google’s Android platform’s global market share increase. Geographically, the biggest single country share of Google’s revenue comes from the United States, and 31 percent of revenues are generated from the EMEA region. 
 As of early 2019, JavaScript and HTML/CSS were the most commonly used programming languages among software developers around the world, with nearly 68 percent of respondents stating that they used JavaScript and 63.5 percent using HTML/CSS. SQL. Python, and Java rounded out the top five most widely used programming languages around the world. Programming languages At a very basic level, programming languages serve as set of instructions which direct computers how to behave and carry out tasks. Thanks to the increased prevalence of, and reliance on, computers and electronic devices in today’s society, these languages play a crucial role in the everyday lives of people around the world. An increasing number of people are interested in furthering their understanding of these tools through courses and bootcamps, while current developers are constantly seeking new languages and resources to learn to add to their skills. Furthermore, programming knowledge is becoming an important skill to possess within various industries throughout the business world. Job seekers with skills in Python, R and SQL will find their knowledge to be among the most highly desirable data science skills and likely assist in their search for employment. 
 This statistic shows Iran's total population from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Iran amounted to approximately 82.36 million inhabitants. The population of Iran Iran is the second largest nation in the Middle East and one of the founding members of the United Nations, NAM, OIC and OPEC. With a rapidly growing total population of just under 78 million inhabitants, it is the world’s seventeenth most populous nation. Iran’s total population has grown by 10 million inhabitants over the past decade. In 2010, Iran’s population grew by around 1.6 percent in comparison to the previous year, which is partially due to due the high fertility rate. In 2010, the fertility rate of Iran was at almost 2 percent. Surprisingly, Iran does not have a high life expectancy. In 2010, the life expectancy in Iran was just 73 years. Looking at the age structure of Iran's population shows that the vast majority, more than 71 percent of Iran inhabitants, were aged between 15 and 64 the same year, while only around 5.2 percent of the population in Iran were aged over 65. Therefore, it is assumed that the growing total population is due to an increase in the young population in Iran and immigrants. People migrating from surrounding countries, such as Afghanistan and Iraq, have increased Iran’s total population drastically. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Chile from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Chile had amounted to about 2.32 percent compared to the previous year. Chile's slowing economy The inflation rate in Chile has fluctuated from a low of 1.41 percent in 2010 to a high of 4.39 percent as of 2014. Despite the central bank having issued a target inflation rate of 3 percent, it was not reached in 2014, 2015 or 2016, defying expectations. Rising inflation is said to be affected by a weakening peso, combined with a relatively weak economy. While these inflation rates are not nearly comparable to some of the highest inflation rates around the world, slow growth and a lack of consumer and business confidence remain an underlying concern in Chile. Annual economic growth remains low at around two percent per year, fueling this concern. Further, export values are also in a slump as are those for imports, and this slow growth has had a significant effect on GDP growth per capita: In 2013, GDP per capita was around 15,713 U.S. dollars per capita, and in 2016 it is expected to drop by almost a fifth. In response, this year Chile has introduced a number of measures to help boost the economy, and 2016 is supposed to be the “Year of Productivity” with hopes of increasing trade and investment to raise growth and wages. 
 In 2019, Cargill was the largest private company in the United States, by revenue. That year, they had a revenue of 113.5 billion U.S. dollars. In comparison, JM Family Enterprises made 16.3 billion U.S. dollars. Cargill Cargill is a multinational corporation that focuses on agricultural services, crop and livestock, raw materials, and health and pharmaceuticals. Most of their business focuses on purchasing and distributing grain, palm oil, energy trade, and steel. It is a family-owned business headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, and founded in 1865. It operates in over 60 countries, has about 150,000 employees, and is responsible for about a quarter of all United States grain exports. Additionally, it also supplies about a quarter of the domestic meat market. Largest U.S. companies United Healthcare Group was the largest health insurance company in 2018, while SC Johnson was the largest private household and personal care product company. United Healthcare is also headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota, while SC Johnson is headquartered in Racine, Wisconsin. United Healthcare is not only the largest health insurance company in the United States, but also worldwide. Furthermore, SC Johnson is one of the oldest family-owned companies in the country, and currently over owns over 20 brands. 
 In 2019, there were about 2.16 million immigrants (here classified as people living in a country in which they were not born in) in Singapore out of a total population of about 5.7 million. Immigrants made up a significant share of the population and play a crucial role in Singapore, where the birth rate was among the lowest in the world. Singapore’s immigrant population The immigrant population of Singapore made up slightly more than 40 percent of the total population of the country in 2018. Throughout its history as a port city, Singapore had been a melting pot of cultures and nationalities. Currently, as one of Asia’s most important economies, it attracts people from all over the world and of different socioeconomic backgrounds to seek better opportunities. The immigrant population is largely of Asian origin, with neighboring Malaysians making up the majority. Of expats and migrant workers Lacking in natural resources, Singapore’s government has long stressed that its most important resource is its people. However, with declining birth rates and low population growth, the country increasingly relies on immigrants to help shoulder the economic burden. In 2017, Singapore’s foreign workforce stood at just under 1.37 million, out of which about 370 thousand were classified as skilled labor. Most of the foreign workforce were employed in sectors that were deemed unappealing to Singaporeans, such as in construction and the service industry, or as domestic help.
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Germany from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 77.31 percent of Germany's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Urbanization in Germany Currently, about three quarter of the German population live in urban areas and cities, which is more than in most nations around the world. Urbanization, as it can be seen in this graph, refers to the number of people living in an urban area and has nothing to do with the actual geographical size or footprint of an area or country. A country which is significantly bigger than Germany could have a similar degree of urbanization, just because not all areas in the country are inhabitable, for example. One example for this is Russia, where urbanization has reached comparable figures to Germany, even though its geographical size is significantly bigger. However, Germany’s level of urbanization does not make the list of the top 30 most urbanized nations in the world, where urbanization rates are higher than 83 percent. Also, while 25 percent of the population in Germany still lives in rural areas, rural livelihoods are not dependent on agriculture, as only 0.75 percent of GDP came from the agricultural sector in 2014. So while Germany's urbanization rate is growing, a significant percentage of the population is still living in rural areas. Furthermore, Germany has a number of shrinking cities which are located to the east and in older industrial regions around the country. Considering that population growth in Germany is on the decline, because of low fertility rates, and that a number of cities are shrinking, the urban population is likely shifting to bigger cities which have more economic opportunities than smaller ones. 
 This timeline shows the inflation rate in Afghanistan from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Afghanistan's average inflation rate amounted to 0.63 percent compared to the previous year. Afghanistan's economy Inflation in Afghanistan has experienced an increase every year with the exception of 2009. Some short-term increases in prices are often attributed to wars, which is a fundamental reason for yearly inflation in Afghanistan. On the other hand, wars often cause spikes in GDP, primarily due to an increased amount of production and reparations. This was not the case for Afghanistan, however. GDP, more specifically GDP per capita, remained relatively low as of 2013, despite increasing annually and ranked as one of the top 20 lowest gross domestic product per capita values in 2013. GDP per capita measures a country’s productivity by using its entire gross domestic product and dividing it by the number of people in the country and is mostly used to compare one nation with another. From an economic standpoint, Afghanistan imported many more goods than they exported, leading to a trade deficit. The country has experienced a trade deficit every year over the past decade, most notably in 2011. Reasons for the ongoing deficit could potentially be the lack of government support for domestic production as well as stiff rules towards marketing. Also, production and transport are likely to suffer due to the war. A trade deficit also implicates that a country borrows more money from other nations in order to sustain and fulfill the needs its economy, along with its citizens. 
 Gross domestic product in Poland has been increasing since 2016 and is expected to reach approximately 645 billion U.S. dollars by 2021. Poland’s economy tripled in size during the early 2000s, before being hit by the global financial crisis. After several years of fluctuation, Poland’s GDP recently reached an all-time high of around 586 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Major changes in the nineties Poland suffered an economic crisis during the late 1980s, with shortages of goods and a debt crisis among the reasons for a rising inflation rate. In the two years from 1988 to 1990, inflation increased from around 60 percent to almost 600 percent. However, Poland’s GDP began to grow during the 1990s, following the end of communist rule. Poland’s GDP per capita reflects this change, rising from around 1,600 U.S. dollars in 1990 to more than 4,300 U.S. dollars in 1999. Improving rates of employment Unemployment rates in Poland have steadily improved over recent years and in 2018 reached some of the lowest levels the country has reported in decades. Poland’s unemployment rate has been declining since 2013 and fell below four percent in 2018. Youth unemployment rates were especially affected following 2008, with the number of young people without jobs growing by roughly ten percent in just five years. By 2013, almost a third of those aged between 15 and 24 years were unemployed. 
 This statistic presents the annual sales of lotteries in the United States in 2016, by state. In 2016, U.S. sales of lotteries in the state of New York reached approximately 9.69 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, 'Un appartement à Paris' from Guillaume Musso was the bestselling book title in France. Musso needs no introduction in France, a country where 24 percent of the inhabitants considered themselves as fervent readers. Guillaume Musso and Elena Ferrante: best sellers “Astérix et la Transitalique“ was published in both print and digital formats and sold close to 1.6 million copies in 2017 in France. This success confirms comics are among the most popular books genres in France. But this ranking also shows the popularity of some authors in the country. “Un appartement à Paris” and “la Fille de Brooklyn", two of the ten bestselling books in France that year, have been written by Guillaume Musso. The Italian saga of Elena Ferrante “l’amie prodigieuse” was also one of the biggest hits in French bookstores that year. The French love to read Reading appears to be one of the favorite hobbies of the French. In a survey from 2017, 40 percent of French respondents declared they read 5 to 19 print books in a year. The production volume of books keeps increasing in France and the number of book copies sold in France is by far one of the highest in Europe. In 2016, more than 434 million copies were sold in France compared to 195 million in the United Kingdom. 
 This statistic shows the unadjusted annual inflation rate in the U.S. from 1990 to December 2019. The data represents U.S. city averages. The base period was 1982-84. In economics, the inflation rate is a measure of inflation, the rate of increase of a price index (in the below case: consumer price index). It is the percentage rate of change in price level over time. The rate of decrease in the purchasing power of money is approximately equal. In 2019, prices went up by 1.8 percent compared to the previous year. See the U.S. GDP growth rate and U.S. GDP per capita for more information. The monthly inflation rate for the United States can be accessed here. Inflation Inflation is a fundamental economic indicator. For example, if an average pair of socks costs 100 dollars one year and 105 dollars the following year, the inflation rate is 5 percent. This means the purchasing power of the dollar has decreased. The data presents the average rate of inflation throughout a year. The purchasing power is the extent to which a person has available funds to make purchases. The Big Mac Index is published by The Economist since 1986 and simplifies the purchasing power of a country. Compared to Switzerland, where the price for a Big Mac was about 5.54 U.S. dollars, people living in India only have to pay 2.67 U.S. dollars. People need to make sure they can sustain a certain standard of living and have to spend money for housing, food, health care and other goods and services. According to UBS, the costs of living are highest in Zurich, which is the largest city in Switzerland, with a value of 104.3. This index value is based on the costs of living in New York, which has been given the value of 100. As of 2019, Wyoming was considered as the best state to make a living, where the average income was about 40,240 U.S. dollars. Based on that same statistic, Washington and Texas were affordable states ranked second and third. People living in Wyoming had an average income of 40,240 U.S. dollars, while people from Texas had an average income of 37,100 U.S dollars. 
 This statistic presents the number of Evernote users from May 2009 to July 2016. As of the last reported period, the note-taking and productivity app had an estimated 200 million users worldwide, up from 150 million in July 2015. 
 Amazon UK was the most popular brand page on Facebook in the United Kingdom (UK) as of March 2019, attracting 5.78 million local fans. This was more than double that of Coca-Cola, the company with the second highest number of fans. Amazon UK: more than just e-commerce Amazon has enjoyed significant growth in the UK market in recent years. Not just the flagship e-commerce platform, but also in terms of streaming and sharing digital content and their current dominance of the UK smart speaker market. Amazon Prime Video is closing the gap to Netflix when it comes to content available for UK customers. In January 2017, the hours of content available on Amazon Prime Video came in at 62.2 less than Netflix, however, they reduced that gap to just 24 percent. Amazon’s global growth Over the past 14 years, Amazon’s global growth has been astounding. In 2004, the company’s annual net revenue stood at 6.92 billion U.S. dollars. By 2018, that figure had grown to 232.89 billion U.S. dollars. The company generates the majority of its net revenues through online retail product sales, followed by retail third party seller services. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for meat (beef) from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for meat (beef) stood at 4.2 nominal U.S. dollars per kilogram. 
 In December 2019, Volkswagen had a market share of 9.9 percent in the United Kingdom's passenger car market. When compared to the same month in the three years previous, this proved to be an increase following the Diesel scandal surrounding the German automobile brand. Volkswagen’s stake on the UK car market resulted from the sale of 14,687 units in December 2019. Overall, 2019 was a similar year to that preceding in terms of both market share and units sold. The UK car market Volkswagen was one of the most popular car brands in the UK, following U.S. automobile manufacturer Ford. While Volkswagen’s market shares have fluctuated only a little in the past five years, Ford and Vauxhall have seen a decline in their prominence on the car market. Volkswagen Group at a glance Volkswagen Group, which along with its synonymous brand also includes Audi, Seat, Škoda, Bentley, Bugatti, Lamborghini, Porsche, Ducati, Scania and MAN, was the leading automobile manufacturer in the world in 2018. In this year it reported total car sales of more than 10.8 million units. 
 This statistic shows the number of Marriott International hotel rooms worldwide from 2009 to 2019. There were 1.38 million Marriott International hotel rooms worldwide in 2019. 
 In 2018, the mortality rate in China increased to 7.13 deaths per 1,000 inhabitants. The mortality rate presented a slowly growing trend over the past twenty years. The growing mortality rate can be attributed to the slower growth of the whole population. Population in China China is the most populous country in the world. Due to several mechanisms put into place by the Chinese government as well as changing circumstances in the working and social environment of the Chinese people, population growth has subsided over the past decades. The major factor for a slower population growth was a set of policies introduced by the Chinese government in 1979, including the so-called one-child policy, which was intended to improve people’s living standards by limiting the population growth. However, with the decreasing birth rate and slower population growth, China nowadays is facing the problems of a rapidly aging population. Birth control in China According to the one-child policy, a married couple was only allowed to have one child. Only under certain circumstances were parents allowed to have a second child. As the performance of family control had long been related to the assessment of local government’s achievements, violations of the rule were severely punished. The birth control in China led to a decreasing birth rate and a more skewed gender ratio of new births due to a widely preference for male children in the Chinese society. Nowadays, since China’s population is aging rapidly, the one-child policy has been re-considered as an obstacle for the country’s further economic development. Since 2014, the one-child policy has been gradually relaxed and fully eliminated at the end of 2015. However, many young Chinese people today are not willing to have more children due to high costs of raising a child, especially in urban areas. 
 This statistic shows the employment in France from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020. In 2018, the employment in France was around 25.53 million people. 
 In 2018, the growth in real gross domestic product (GDP) in Poland was up 5.1 percent from the year before, continuing a trend of positive growth in GDP. It is projected that Poland’s real GDP will grow through 2024, though at a declining rate to around 2.49 percent. In 2018, Poland’s GDP reached over 586 billion U.S. dollars. Poland’s economy seems stable Just over half of the country’s GDP comes from its services sector , which includes a growing real estate industry. Interestingly, Poland is one of the few countries that didn’t experience a recession during the 2008 global financial crisis, and has experienced growth in GDP for the past 26 years. Its unemployment rate, which dropped dramatically to 3.67 percent in 2018, has consistently been lower than the EU average. As such, most of Poland’s potential work force is employed. Poland’s population at work Within Poland’s working population, most work in the services sector. A little over half of the population works in city centers; urbanization in Poland is about five percent more than the global average. Poland’s capital city of Warsaw has about 1.7 million residents. 
 This statistic shows the leading five trends in breakfast/brunch items on restaurant menus in the United States as forecasted by professional chefs for 2018. During the survey, 63 percent of the respondents stated that ethnic-inspired breakfast items (e.g. Asian-flavored syrups, Chorizo scrambled eggs, coconut milk pancakes) would be a "hot trend" for restaurant menus in 2018. Restaurant trends - additional information During a survey among chef members of the American Culinary Federation it was found that new cuts of meats and African flavors would be seen as the “hot trend” for restaurant menus in 2018. Both of these has a share of 69 percent, each. Another trend on U.S. restaurants menus was environmental sustainability, followed by the use of natural ingredients and minimally processed food. Additionally, pickling was the leading food preparation method used in restaurants and doughnuts with non-traditional filling was forecasted to be the most popular trend in desserts in 2018. Despite the new restaurant trends, consumers often cite food taste and prior experience as the factors that most influence their decision to revisit a restaurant. While seemingly growing in popularity in recent years, free Wi-Fi and in-restaurant technology were the least popular reasons to revisit a restaurant among respondents of a Deloitte survey. The number of people who visited any type of restaurant in the United States grew from 217.66 million in the last month as of spring 2008 to 233.73 million in spring 2017. In the 6 years from 2008 to 2014, the number of restaurant visits by families decreased by one billion. Ethnic-inspired kids' dishes, gourmet items in kids' meals and healthful kids' meals were forecasted to be some of the leading trends for kids’ meals on restaurant menus in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the annual inflation rate in the U.S. from 2010 to 2018 with additional projections up to 2024. The data represents U.S. city averages. The base period was 1982-84. In economics, the inflation rate is a measurement of inflation, the rate of increase of a price index (in this case: consumer price index). It is the percentage rate of change in prices level over time. The rate of decrease in the purchasing power of money is approximately equal. According to the forecast, prices will increase by two percent in 2019. The annual inflation rate for previous years can be found here and the consumer price index for all urban consumers here. The monthly inflation rate for the United States can also be accessed here. Inflation in the U.S. Inflation is a term used to describe a general rise in the price of goods and services in an economy over a given period of time. Inflation in the United States is calculated using the consumer price index (CPI). The consumer price index is a measure of change in the price level of a preselected market basket of consumer goods and services purchased by households. This forecast of U.S. inflation was prepared by the International Monetary Fund. They project roughly a 2.25 percent annual rise in the general level of prices until 2024. This means that a product bought today for about 100 U.S. dollars will cost about 102.25 U.S. dollars next year, and so on. Considering the annual inflation rate in the United States in recent years, a 2.25 percent inflation rate is a very moderate projection. Although the moderate inflation of prices between 2 and 3 percent is considered normal in a modern economy, countries’ central banks try to prevent severe inflation and deflation to keep the growth of prices to a minimum. Severe inflation is considered dangerous to a country’s economy because it can rapidly diminish the population’s purchasing power and thus damage the GDP . 
 This statistic shows the 20 countries with the highest population growth rate in 2017. In South Sudan, the population grew by about 3.83 percent compared to the previous year, making it the country with the highest population growth rate in 2017. The global population Today, the global population amounts to around 7 billion people, i.e. the total number of living humans on Earth. More than half of the global population is living in Asia, while one quarter of the global population resides in Africa. High fertility rates in Africa and Asia, a decline in the mortality rates and an increase in the median age of the world population all contribute to the global population growth. Statistics show that the global population is subject to increase by almost 4 billion people by 2100. The global population growth is a direct result of people living longer because of better living conditions and a healthier nutrition. Three out of five of the most populous countries in the world are located in Asia. Ultimately the highest population growth rate is also found there, the country with the highest population growth rate is Lebanon. This could be due to a low infant mortality rate in Lebanon or the ever -expanding tourism sector. More importantly, Lebanon is also the country with the highest net migration rate in the world. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Italy from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in Italy was about 2.08 trillion U.S. dollars. See global GDP for a global comparison. Italy's economy After increasing significantly year-over-year, Italy’s gross domestic product (GDP) has gone through several fluctuations since the global economic crisis in 2008. The European Union’s third largest economy has experienced downturns, primarily due to inefficiency with regards to spending and incompetent leadership. When analyzing the country’s budget balance, which is essentially the overall difference between revenues and spending, Italy has posted a negative balance, or a state deficit, every year over the past decade. However, their budget balance has improved noticeably every year since 2009. Since the country spent more than they earned, national debt continued to rise every year, most notably between 2008 and 2009, and continued to do so going into 2014. Italy’s dependency on funding from other countries will lead to further debt, unless it finds a way to decrease spending or increase revenues. Despite the country’s ongoing recession, Italy’s GDP ranked the country in the top 10 countries with the largest gross domestic product in 2014, ahead of economically developed countries such as Canada and Australia. This implies that Italy’s economical struggles are more a result of inefficient spending rather than a lack of production. 
 This statistic presents the social network penetration in Poland as of the third and fourth quarter 2017. During the survey period, it was found that Facebook had a 61 penetration rate. Overall, 45 percent of the population had an active account with any social media website. 
 This graph shows the monthly United Kingdom (UK) market share values for Audi between July 2016 and December 2019. The company's market share had a range between 3.7 and 9.8 percent, meaning it consistently controlled a relatively high portion of the UK car market. Audi had the sixth biggest market share in the UK in 2019 and is a subsidiary of Volkswagen, whose namesake brand had the second largest share of the UK market in 2019. 
 The population density in Bangladesh reached its highest in 2018, amounting to approximately 1.26 thousand people per square kilometer. The South Asian country was the tenth most densely populated countries in the world that year. Within the Asia Pacific region, Bangladesh’s population density was only exceeded by the Maldives, Hong Kong, Singapore and Macao. Overall, Asia had the highest population density in the world in 2018. Population growth in Bangladesh In 1971, Bangladesh gained its independence from Pakistan. Bangladesh’s birth rate and mortality rate had declined significantly in the past years with a life expectancy of 72.81 years in 2017. In general, the population in Bangladesh had been growing at a slow pace, slightly fluctuating around an annual rate of one percent. This growth was forecasted to continue, although it was estimated to halve by 2040. As of today, Dhaka is the largest city in Bangladesh. Population density explained According to the source, “population density is the mid-year population divided by land area in square kilometers.” Further, “population is based on the de facto definition of population, which counts all residents.” Bangladesh’s population reached an estimated number of 164.88 million inhabitants in 2018. In that year, the country’s land area amounted 130.2 thousand square kilometers. 
 This statistic shows the number of registered active lobbyists in the United States from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, the total number of unique, registered lobbyists who have actively lobbied amounted to 11,862. 
 Belgium has a multicultural landscape; a variety of nationalities coexist in the country. Brussels houses most of the European Union institutions. This is the reason behind the nickname "capital of Europe". In 2019, over one million foreigners were living in the country. Of the variety of nationalities in Belgium, three main origins were present on its soil. In 2018, over 470 thousand people originated from France, Italy, or the Netherlands. The migration flow in Belgium Migration has always been part of human history. However, it is still one of society's most controversial topics. Nowadays, immigration within the European Union is primarily influenced by economic reasons. In 2018, the migration flow amounted to over 133 thousand people coming to Belgium. Meanwhile, 67 thousand nationals emigrated abroad. Belgian’s views on immigration Although Belgium has known many migration waves in its past, views on the matter still divide. In 2017, opinions in Belgium on immigrants coming from outside the EU were contrasted. Nonetheless, the fifth most common origin of foreigners in Belgium was Moroccan. In the recent years, more than 60 percent of Belgians believed too many immigrants lived in the country. However, Belgians regarded EU citizens immigrating to their country positively. 
 This statistic shows the countries and regions that consumed the most silver in 2010. The United States demanded 21.6 percent of the world's total silver production. Consumption of silver Silver is one of the world’s most valued metals and included within the so called transition metals group. Within living memory, this precious metal always has been used for coins, jewellery and valuable utensils, known as silverware. In modern times, it also developed an important role in industrial usage. Almost half of all silver worldwide is used for such purposes. This is primarily due to its extremely high electric and thermal conductivity. In fact, silver has the highest conductivity of electricity and heat of all elements and metals, respectively. Thus, industrial silver usage is mostly for conductors and catalyses. Another sector which is highly dependent on silver is the photographic industry. Silver is also an important factor within the finance and investment sector. Among countries around the world, the United States is the top consumer of silver. The United States consumes around one fifth of global silver. China, Japan and India are following, while Germany and Italy are the top consumers from Europe. The latest estimates show that the United States uses between six and eight thousand metric tons annually. With around one thousand metric tons from mines, the United States is also among the top 10 primary silver producers worldwide. Mexico is by far the leading silver producer, extracting more than four thousand metric tons from its silver mines. Silver is in most cases obtained as a by-product from zinc, copper and gold mines and refineries. The largest primary silver mines are Cannington in Australia and Fresnillo in Mexico. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Malaysia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Malaysia amounted to around 11,072.39 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the share of Baby Boomer internet users in the United States who were using selected social networks as of February 2019. During that period of time, 23 percent of U.S. adults aged between 50 and 64 years used the photo sharing app Instagram. 
 Hearthstone is a free-to-play online collectible card game which reached a milestone 100 million players worldwide in November 2018, thereby doubling the number of players since April 2016. The game originally bore the subtitle “Heroes of Warcraft” as it is based in the same universe as Blizzard’s extremely popular Warcraft series. Warcraft still going strong after 25 years Warcraft is seen as one of the jewels in the crown of Blizzard Entertainment. The series is made of up five main games, with Hearthstone being the latest title. While the early games in the series focused more on strategy and battles, the fourth in the series, World of Warcraft, is a massive multiplayer online role-playing game (MMORPG) in which players can create characters and interact with others. World of Warcraft quickly became the best-selling game in the series, with releases of expansion packs regularly selling millions of copies on the first day. Hearthstone, on the other hand, is a turn-based online collectible card game between two players. Despite being less of an action-packed game than its predecessors, Hearthstone has still proven to be very popular among viewers and it ranked as one of the most watched games on Twitch in 2018, alongside World of Warcraft. Blizzard Entertainment keeps on bringing out hits Hearthstone was created by Blizzard Entertainment, which is also responsible for games such as Starcraft, Diablo and, more recently, Overwatch. The success of the latter undoubtedly contributed to the company generating record revenues in recent years, with the 2018 figure peaking at 7.5 billion U.S. dollars. Released in 2016, Overwatch is a multiplayer shooter game in which two teams of six work together with different “heroes” to defeat their opponents. The game garnered a lot of media attention when it was first released and it became the most talked about game online in 2016. As of 2018, the game had reached 40 million players and continued to win accolades, such as the prize for the Best eSports Game at The Game Awards 2018. 
 In 2020, the average age in Thailand is expected to reach 40.1 years, twenty years higher than in 1980, when it began to rise after a steady decrease in prior years. Previously, from 1950 to 1975, the average age hovered around 18 years. The increased average age corresponds with rising life expectancy globally, accelerating especially around the mid-twentieth century onward. In this century, the life expectancy in Thailand has increased by roughly 2.5 years since 2007, reaching 75.5 in 2017. The standard of living is increasing In Thailand, people ages 15 to 64 have consistently made up the majority of the population from 2007 to 2017. In this time, the older population grew increased by about three percent, while the younger population shrunk at roughly the same rate. This indicates that many people within the middle age category are reaching 65 or older, and that the birth rate is simultaneously declining. Birth rates are declining Every year, families are having fewer children in Thailand, with a fertility rate of less than 1.5 children per women of childbearing age in 2017. This is not necessarily a bad sign – it points towards increasing healthcare and living standards. Another indicator for this is the decreasing infant mortality in Thailand, meaning more of the children born each year survive. Lower infant mortality also contributes to the calculations of a higher life expectancy, and thus affects the country’s median age. 
 With revenue amounting to over seven billion U.S. dollars in 2018, Marsh & McLennan Cos. Inc. topped the list of leading insurance brokers in the country. In that year, they were followed by Aon P.L.C., Willis Towers Watson P.L.C. and Arthur J. Gallagher & Co, in terms of revenue. Who are Marsh & McLennan? Marsh & McLennan Companies was officially founded in 1905 in Chicago, Illinois, but its roots date back to 1871 when its predecessor, the Dan H. Bomar Company, was founded. They currently operate in over 130 countries and employ over 65,000 people worldwide. They are also the largest insurance broker globally. Expansion of their focus Although the company was traditionally known for its risk and insurance services, they expanded into consultancy work in the 1930s. In 2018, the company was among the top ten diversified financial service companies in the U.S. by revenue. They also ranked second among insurance companies on the London Stock Exchange by market capitalization as of 2019. 
 The leading name brand of suntan lotion and suntan oil in the United States is Neutrogena Ultra Sheer, which generated some 116.5 million U.S. dollars in sales in 2019. However, private label suntan lotions had higher dollar sales than any name brand in that year, at around 177.3 million U.S. dollars. Sunscreen and skin protection Dermatologists highly recommend sunscreen to everyone, regardless of age or complexion. Sun protection products come in a wide variety of applicators and textures. Among Millennials, a sunscreen claiming to be lightweight is most likely to capture their attention. Sun care market in the United States Sun tan products are one of the leading categories in the health and beauty care product market, generating around 1.24 billion U.S. dollars in sales in 2019. Sunscreen is only one segment of the sun care market; after sun care products are also a major product category. In 2017, the after sun product market generated about 423 million U.S. dollars in revenue. By 2025 this figure is expected to reach about 518.5 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the share of American women who have had anal intercourse at some point during their lifetime, sorted by age group. The findings were acquired in early 2009 and published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, a publication on sexual behavior in the United States, in 2010. 46 percent of respondents aged 25 to 29 stated they have had anal intercourse at some point during their life. 
 This statistic shows the most popular leisure activities among Generation X in the United States as of September 2013. During the survey, 19 percent of respondents from Generation X stated spending time with family and friends as a favorite leisure activity. 
 Argentina is one of the Latin American countries with the lowest Big Mac prices. In January 2020, it was estimated that a Big Mac burger would cost an average of 2.85 U.S. dollars in Argentina, up from only two dollars a year earlier. The Big Mac Index in Argentina The Big Mac Index is an indicator that measures an economy's purchasing power. As it is mainly a standardized product, elaborated similarly across many markets, the evolution of its cost can provide insights into variations of real consumption prices in a given country. For instance, the price for a Big Mac in Argentina decreased by almost half from 2018 to 2019. This reflects Argentina's peso devaluation in comparison to the U.S. dollar and other foreign currencies in that period, caused by high inflation rates, among other macroeconomic reasons. McDonald's in Latin America Arcos Dorados Holdings Inc. is McDonald's franchisee in Latin America. The company's name was inspired by McDonald's famous logo, as 'Arcos Dorados' means 'Golden Arches' in Spanish. It manages the brand's operations in Mexico, Central America, the Caribbean and South America. Generating over three billion U.S. dollars in revenue per year, Arcos Dorados is McDonald's largest franchisee in the world. The company is also publicly listed in the New York Stock Exchange. Based on its market capitalization value, Arcos Dorados' net worth was estimated at around 1.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2020. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Spain from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Spain was around 1,290.92 billion U.S. dollars. For comparison, the Greek debt amounted to approximately 375 billion U.S. dollars that same year. Spanish economy The Spanish economy, though in a state of turmoil, has been one of the world’s largest and most important economies. As a member of the European Union and the World Trade Organization, Spain often plays an important role in modern day economics. Spain maintains several economic strengths, some of which include a modern high-tech infrastructure as well as an abundance of exports, which rank as some of the highest in the world. Additionally, Spain’s economical sectors, principally built upon tourism and automobiles, also rank amongst some of the most significant around the globe. Tourism plays an important role in Spain’s economy, with millions of tourists visiting the plentiful amount of beaches during the summer and historical sites all year round. In the past, Spain was considered the most frequently visited country in the world, however, it fell several places in the past couple years, primarily because of the country’s ongoing economical struggles. Tourism is arguably the most significant sector in Spain, making up a large percentage of the country’s entire GDP. The Spanish automobile industry has receded for several years,but still makes notable contributions to the economy and has some of the more powerful car manufacturers in the world. 
 The statistic shows the revenue Liverpool FC generated from its jersey sponsorship deal from the 2009/10 season to the 2019/20 season. In the 2019/20 season, Liverpool FC received 40 million GBP from its jersey sponsor Standard Chartered. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the British pound sterling (EUR GBP), according to data provided by the European Central Bank, from the introduction of the euro in 1999 up until 2019. The average (standardized) measure presents the calculation, which is based on many observations throughout the period in question. This is different than an annual measure at a point in time; the annual measure presents concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2000 and 2009, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the British pound sterling noted a steep increase. In 2009, the euro to British pound sterling annual average exchange rate was equal to 0.89, which meant that one euro could buy 0.89 British pounds. By 2016, this value had decreased, to a value of 0.82, which again meant that one euro could buy 0.88 British pounds. The Brexit referendum can be seen as the likely reason for the noted increase in value of euro to British pound sterling in 2017. Following the referendum result, in June 2016, the monthly exchange rate increased and continued to do so for the majority of the rest of the year. 
 Amsterdam is the largest city in the Netherlands, with a population amounting to nearly 863,000 inhabitants. In the last ten years, Amsterdam’s population increased rapidly, and the end is not yet in sight. By 2030, the number of inhabitants is forecast to reach over one million. Amsterdam and tourism Amsterdam is not just a popular place to settle down, it is also one of Europe’s leading city trip destinations. In 2018, tourists spent nearly 17 million nights in the city. Europe’s most popular capitals, London and Paris, registered roughly 71 and 53 million nights, respectively. In 2018, Amsterdam ranked 11th on the list of leading European city tourism destinations, just below Vienna and Munich. Tourism boom Tourism in Amsterdam is booming. In the last ten years, the number of tourists visiting the capital has doubled. In 2018, the city registered nearly 8.6 million hotel guests. The largest group of guests visiting Amsterdam were domestic tourists (2.8 million hotel nights), followed by tourists from the UK and US (2.5 and 1.8 million hotel nights, respectively). 
 In 2018, The New York Times Company stated in its 10-K report that it had 4,320 full-time equivalent employees in the United States. After a sharp drop in employee numbers between 2012 and 2013 due to the company’s sale of New England Media Group, there were just 3,529 people working The NYT Company, but the figure has grown more or less consistently year on year ever since. The New York Times Company’s assets The company has various media properties, including namesake newspaper The New York Times and its website NYTimes.com, as well as The New York Times Magazine, Book Review, Style Magazine and International Edition. Other assets include product review site Wirecutter and social media marketing firm HelloSociety. The company’s newspaper is arguably its most famous and most successful asset. The New York Times has won 125 Pulitzer Prizes and is widely read in and outside of the United States. As readers have moved away from print and towards digital, the company chose to capitalize on this. In early 2014, The New York Times Company’s digital-only news product had fewer than 800 thousand U.S. subscribers, but five years boasts almost three million paid users. The fact that many print-only publications are struggling to retain existing subscribers or appeal to new ones aptly proves that The New York Times Company made its move at the right time. Now, NYTimes.com regularly attracts millions of unique visitors each month, and the company also boasts well over 250 million U.S. dollars in print and digital circulation revenue. 
 Until 2016, Sweden had among the most generous asylum laws within the European Union. As a result, the immigration increased for several years, reaching 163 thousand individuals immigrating into Sweden in 2016. During 2016, Sweden sharpened their asylum laws, and the immigration declined down to around 116 thousand individuals arriving in 2019. Within this period, there was a decline in number of asylum grants. Large inflow of refugees The so-called refugee crisis within the European Union that started in 2015 was characterized by a large inflow of refugees from non-European countries, mainly traversing the Mediterranean Sea in order to reach the European Union. In regards to the immigration trends to Sweden, one of the biggest groups in the last years consisted of Swedes returning to Sweden. Further countries that were among the top countries of origin in the latest years, were India, Afghanistan, Syria, and Iraq. Decline in asylum grants within the European Union Sweden is not the only country that sharpened the asylum grants in 2016, it has been observed within the whole European Union. Since the end of 2016, there has been a significant decline in the number of accepted first instance asylum applications within the European Union. 
 As of March of 2018, around 52 percent of Americans felt that online news websites regularly report fake news stories in the United States. Another 34 percent of respondents stated that they believed that online news websites occasionally report fake news stories. Just nine percent of adults said that they did not believe that fake news stories were being reported online. Fake news Coined by Donald Trump, the term ‘fake news’ is used to describe news stories or even entire networks believed to be spreading false information. Increasingly used by members of government and citizens on both sides of the political spectrum, the term is now a staple in debates regarding freedom of the press, corruption, and media bias. People of all ages now believe that over 60 percent of the news that they see on social media is fake and express similar concern over the accuracy of traditional news sources. While a cynical perspective regarding news and reporting may be positive in terms of holding guilty outlets accountable and ensuring responsible reporting, the fake news phenomenon has extended much farther than pure skepticism. As of 2018, around 35 percent of Republicans and 18 percent of Independents perceived the media to be an enemy of the American people. 
 Rice is one of the most popular grains in the United States, with Americans consuming around 4.29 million metric tons of rice in the 2018/2019 fiscal year. The consumption volume of rice in the United States has remained more or less stable between 2016 and 2019. Leading consumers of rice A high share of the world’s rice consumption is concentrated between a few countries, namely China, India, and Indonesia. China alone consumed around 143.79 million metric tons of rice in 2018/2019, while India consumed about 100 million metric tons in that time period. To put this figure in perspective, the global consumption volume of rice in 2018/2019 amounted to 490.27 million metric tons; about half of this volume was attributed to China and India. Rice milk and dairy alternatives Rice milk is one of the many ways to consume rice. Rice milk is produced using milled rice and water and is the least allergenic of all the dairy alternatives. However, it has a relatively small market value compared to more popular kinds of dairy milk alternatives such as almond milk and soy milk worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Nigeria from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Nigeria was at approximately 6.11 percent. 
 This statistic presents the number of active buyers on social commerce platform Etsy from 2012 to 2019. As of 2019, close to 45.7 million buyers had purchased goods through the Etsy ecosystem. This figure represents an increase from the 39.45 million buyers in the previous year. Etsy is an online commerce website with strong integration of social features such as user profiles and collections, as well as interactive seller storefronts and the ability to share content to other social networks. In 2019, Etsy’s annual company revenue amounted to over 818 million U.S. dollars, with the majority of revenues generated through its marketplace. That year, the social commerce site’s annual merchandise sales volume amounted to 4.974 billion U.S. dollars. Etsy sellers predominantly offer handcrafted or vintage products. The platform has also increasingly profited from the mobile commerce trend – in 2018, 66 percent of visitor traffic was generated through mobile devices. 
 This statistic ranks the 15 countries with the highest military spending in 2018. With defense spending totaling USD 649 billion, the USA ranked first. Worldwide leaders in military spending The United States lead the globe in military spending in 2018. China ranked second in spending, as it has done since 2008. With military outlays totaling 649 billion US dollars, the US spent about 36 percent of the total global military spending that year, 1.82 trillion US dollars. In 2018, United States military expenditure amounted to 3.2 percent of US gross domestic product (GDP), placing the U.S. lower in national military expenditure as a percentage of GDP to Russia, which spent 3.9 percent of its GDP, and Saudi Arabia, which spent 8.8 percent of its GDP. The 2012 outlay value, 670.5 billion US dollars, represents the first fall in US defense outlays in over a decade. In 2011, the United States spent 699.8 billion US dollars on defense, up from 689 billion US dollars spent on defense in 2010. The decline in 2012 is the result of austerity measures taken in response to the global financial crisis and post-Iraq/Afghanistan military operations. In 2012, US war costs in Iraq fell drastically from 47.4 billion US dollars (in 2011) to just 10.10 billion U.S. dollars. Spending on the War in Afghanistan fell from 122 billion US dollars in 2011 to 111 billion US dollars in 2012. Nonetheless, America’s basic defense budget remains primarily unchanged. According to the US Congressional Budget Office, US outlays for defense will rise from a low of 625 billion US dollars in 2014, to 685 billion US dollars by 2024. Between 2013 and 2022, it is projected that the United States will spend 392 billion US dollars on nuclear weapons, 97 billion on missile defenses and 100 billion on environmental and health costs. Global military spending, meanwhile, has grown steadily since 2001, when 1.15 trillion US dollars were spent globally, to the 1.78 trillion US dollars spent globally in 2018. Despite the global financial and economic crisis, nations did not curb military spending in the ‘00s and the beginning of the ‘10s. Going forward, global defense spendingis estimated to increase in all regions between 2010 and 2020. Before the end of the decade, spending in Asia Pacific is projected to have increased by 165 percent since 2010, by 94 percent in the Middle East and Africa, and by 49 percent in Latin America. 
 Messaging app LINE is Japan’s most popular online communication tool, peaking at approximately 83 million monthly actives users in Japan during the fourth quarter of 2019. LINE’s main target group are young adults aged 15 to 34 years, representing more than 50 percent of the company’s Japanese user base in 2018. The rise of LINE in Japan The success story of messaging service LINE, a Japanese subsidiary of South Korean internet powerhouse Naver, started back in 2011 during the Great East Japan Earthquake. While most conventional communication channels had broken down due to power failures, official sources turned to online options for communicating news and confirming the safety of the country’s residents. The app was released for public use later that year, appealing greatly to Japanese consumers due to its unique and customizable design, allowing both private and business usage simultaneously. LINE’s annual revenue rose from under seven billion Japanese yen in fiscal year 2012 to over 227 billion yen in fiscal year 2019, emphasizing the company’s major success since its first launch less than ten years earlier. Social media usage in Japan Compared to its neighboring countries, the Japanese market had a relatively low social network penetration rate of only 65 percent as of January 2020, being noticeably outpaced by Taiwan with 88 percent and South Korea with 87 percent audience reach. While globally leading networks do get their fair share of popularity within the Japanese social media market, in 2018, LINE's audience reach was almost twice as high as those of internationally successful apps such as Twitter or Instagram. 
 This statistic shows Porsche's revenue from the fiscal year of 2010 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the 2018 fiscal year, Porsche generated around 23.7 billion euros (or about 27 billion U.S. dollars) in revenue. 
 This statistic shows the number of shops of the Lush Cosmetics Limited group worldwide in the year ending June 30th 2018, by county. The chart shows that there are just over 100 shops in the United Kingdom and another 89 shops in Japan. Bulgaria, Portugal, Czechia, and Estonia each had two Lush Cosmetics shops in the country. Lush Cosmetics Limited is a cosmetics retailer, with headquarters in Dorset, United Kingdom, which was founded in 1995. The company is most known for their hand-made beauty care products, including soaps, face and body care, bath and shower cosmetics, hair styling products and perfumes. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in South Korea from 2015 to 2022. In 2019, the number of Facebook users in South Korea is expected to reach 15.13 million, up from 14.5 million in 2017. 
 The median age of the population of Singapore has been increasing since 1965, and is projected to reach 42.2 years by 2020. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups, such that half the people are younger than this age and half are older. An aging population As Singapore’s median age increases, its fertility rate has decreased. In 2017, Singapore’s fertility rate was 1.16 children per woman of childbearing age, which is below the amount needed to replace the population. Additionally, Singapore is one of the leading countries and territories with the highest life expectancy at birth; an expectancy of 87.5 years. As such, Singapore is faced with adapting to aging population and a growing ratio of old-age dependency. A trend of population aging Many countries are facing this demographic dilemma: the global median age is projected to grow from 29.6 in 2015 to around 41.6 years through the end of the century. Population aging could be one of the most substantial societal transformations of the twenty-first century, affecting most sectors of society, including healthcare, housing, and pensions. 
 While nearly two-thirds of Vietnam remains rural, urbanization has grown by seven percent from 2008 to 2018. Political reforms in the 1980s created greater economic stability in Vietnam in the decade that followed and led to higher urbanization. The growing population of Vietnam, as well as people migrating from rural areas, contributes to an escalating number of inhabitants in the country's already crowded cities. Agricultural sector becoming less prominent In 2008, nearly half the population of Vietnam worked in agriculture. Ten years later, as more people leave rural areas, the service sector is comparable in size, employing roughly a third of the population, while employment in the industry sector has grown to a quarter. Though agriculture has long had the most workers, the service and industry sectors accounted for larger shares of Vietnam’s GDP from 2007 to 2017. Costs in rural and urban areas In rural areas of Vietnam, investment in agriculture – such as the costs of farming – was the second-highest expense in 2019. In urban areas, around the same share was spent on aspirational living costs such as eating out and holidays, while investment was the category with the least amount of monthly spending. The expense associated with farming in rural areas is a possible cause for the increased migration to cities, with fewer people employed in the agricultural sector and more working in services such as health care, education, hospitality, and gastronomy. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Chicago Cubs from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 452 million U.S. dollars.The Chicago Cubs are owned by the Ricketts family, who bought the franchise for 700 million U.S. dollars in 2009. 
 This statistic represents the total number of licensed drivers in the United States in 2018, with a breakdown by state. In 2018, there were almost 17.4 million driver's license holders in Texas. U.S. licensed drivers by state The driver’s license became mandatory in the United States in the early 20th century, with Missouri and Massachusetts being the first states to require an official license for operating certain types of motor vehicles, including motorcycles, passenger vehicles, trucks, trailers or buses. New Jersey became the first state to require all drivers to pass a mandatory test before being granted an official driver’s license. In 2018, there were about 227.5 million licensed drivers in the United States. At around 27 million, California issued the highest number of licenses in the country that year. Not only is California the U.S. state with the highest number of licensed drivers, but it is also the most populous state in the U.S. overall, representing close to 12 percent of the country’s total population. When it comes to accidents, people aged 21 to 24 are most at risk. Across all age groups, the male population has substantially higher death rates than the female population. 
 The statistic shows the percent market share by segment of the leading men's toiletries/grooming/aftershave brands in the United States in 2014. In that year, sales of Just for Men's accounted for 63.3 percent of the men's hair coloring market. Sales of Philips Norelco covered 51.2 percent of the electric shaver groomer market, and Edge achieved 16.2 percent of sales for the men's shaving cream market. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Cambodia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Cambodia amounted to about 2.39 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of cars sold by Ford in the United Kingdom (UK) between January 2016 and December 2019. In December 2019, sales volume amounted to 15,030 units. Ford was one of the leading car companies in the UK. The Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency issues new registration plates in September and March, which usually corresponds with the peak months of Ford sales. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Kansas City Chiefs games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 83.4 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Ethiopia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Ethiopia's gross domestic product amounted to around 80.29 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the number of registered automobiles in the United States from 1999 through 2017. In 2017, there were about 111 million automobiles registered in the United States. In 2017, a total of around 272 million motor vehicles were registered in the U.S.
 In fiscal year 2019, the occupancy rate of hotels in India was 66.7 percent, up by one percent from the previous year. Among the various types of hotels, four-star hotels had the highest occupancy at 67.5 percent, making it the highest in this decade. Mumbai – a city that never sleeps Mumbai, the capital of Maharashtra, witnessed a slow-paced growth in the hotel industry in recent years mainly due to the changes in real estate policies and exorbitant land prices. Despite this, the financial and entertainment capital of India outpaced all other major markets in the country by achieving the highest occupancy rate and revenue per available room in 2019. With the availability of international convention centers like the Jio World Centre located in the heart of commercial district of Bandra-Kurla Complex, Mumbai was the preferred business location in the country. Leading hotel company In 2019, the Indian Hotels Company Limited stood out as India’s largest hospitality company by net sales. One of the first hotels opened by this company was the Taj Mahal hotel located in Mumbai. Opened almost a century ago, the Taj Mahal hotel has hosted some of the most illustrious guest from all over the world. Ever since the hotel has held on to the legacy of providing warm hospitality and world-class facilities. Well known for its grandeur, the Taj remains a hallmark of Indian hospitality year after year. 
 The statistic shows the number of terrorist attacks in Iraq between 2006 and 2018. In 2018, around 765 terrorist attacks were recorded in Iraq. In 2018 Iraq was the country with the third-most terrorist attacks and the sixth-most fatalities due to terrorism worldwide. 1,520 people died due to terrorist attacks in Iraq in 2018. 
 This statistic shows a forecast of global telecom services spending from 2018 to 2023. About 1,625 billion U.S. dollars is forecast to be spent globally in telecom services in 2019. Telecom services spending – additional information The telecommunication services industry, which includes fixed-network services and mobile and wireless services, is a trillion-dollar market projected to grow in the next few years. Global telecommunication spending is forecast to amount to 1.44 trillion U.S. dollars by 2019. This projection shows a considerable increase from the 2014 figure, when global spending was estimated at 1.32 trillion U.S. dollars. The Asia Pacific region is the most valuable telecommunication services market worldwide. For 2019, the Asia Pacific region is expected to generate 441.5 billion U.S. dollars in revenues from telecom services. North America and Europe are also important telecom service markets worldwide. Wireless telecom services account for the majority of the spending on telecommunication services. By 2018, wireless telecommunication services are expected to generate around 887.4 billion U.S. dollars in revenues by 2018. Fixed telecommunication services are forecast to amount to around 525 billion U.S. dollars in revenues in 2019. The industry is dominated by multinational telecommunication service companies. The Dallas-based AT&T is a global leader, with a brand value of 107 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. Verizon, also an American giant, is the second biggest telecom service provider. In 2016, the company’s value was at 93 billion U.S. dollars. China Mobile, the British telecom company Vodafone, and Deutsche Telekom are also amongst the leading telecom brands worldwide. 
 This graph shows the per capita Real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the United States in 2018, by metropolitan area. Only the 100 leading metro areas are shown here. In 2018, Midland metropolitan area, in Texas, had a per capita Real GDP of about 197,509 chained (2012) U.S. dollars. 
 China is the largest consumer of primary energy in the world, using some 3.3 million metric tons of oil equivalent in 2018. The majority of primary energy fuels is derived from fossil fuels. China’s primary energy mix has shifted from a dominant use of coal to an increase of natural gas and renewable sources. Globally, primary energy consumption has increased over the last decade, but it is expected to experience the largest growth in emerging economies like the BRIC countries (Brazil, Russia, India, China). What is primary energy? Primary energy is taken directly from natural resources such as crude oil, coal, and wind . For example, crude oil is refined into a secondary fuel, such as gasoline or diesel, that can be used directly. The fuels that are used for primary energy are called primary fuels. A country’s total primary energy supply is a measure of the country’s primary energy sources. On the other hand, end use energy is directly consumed by the user and includes electricity, gasoline, and natural gas. 
 During 2017/18, over 14.7 billion liters of milk were produced in the UK. This was enough to cover a bit more than the entire city and county of Cardiff in a ten-centimeter-deep sheet of milk. Only in 2015/16 was UK milk production slightly higher. Milk productionThe UK milk production had a production value of approximately 4.34 billion British Pounds in 2017. In 2016, European production volume was estimated to amount to 163.26 million metric tons of raw milk. About 25.6 million liters of liquid milk were made from these 163 million tons of raw milk. The rest of the raw milk produced that year was turned into other milk products. Dairy product retail in Britain The produced milk was sold at a retail price of 59 pence per liter of milk in the twelve months ending in March of 2018. During 2018, UK consumers spent a total of 12 billion British pounds on milk, cheese, and eggs. Retail expenditure in GB is highest for skimmed milk compared to other milk types. 
 This statistic shows the global revenue for enterprise resource planning (ERP) software from 2011 to 2013, and a forecast for 2017. By 2017, global revenues for ERP software are predicted to reach 34.36 billion U.S. dollars, this is in line with other estimates for the global ERP market. ERP software is business process management software designed to ease or automate many of the back office functions relating to human resources, services, and technology. This provides the integration of many facets of modern business operations, such as product planning, manufacturing, and marketing, within a single program or program suite. The target customers of ERP software are generally large businesses, whose processes and systems are more complex and require software assistance to manage effectively. While ERP software for smaller businesses does exist, such software is often tailored to a specific industry. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for coconut oil from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for coconut oil stood at 997 nominal U.S. dollars per metric ton. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 3.7 billion U.S. dollars. Los Angeles Lakers The Los Angeles Lakers are a professional basketball franchise of the National Basketball Association (NBA) that is part of the league’s Western Conference. The team was started in 1947 and originally located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Prior to the 1960/61 season the franchise was moved to Los Angeles. Today the Lakers play their home games at Staples Center, which is located on Downtown Los Angeles and has a capacity of about 19 thousand for basketball games. In the 2018/19 season the Los Angeles Lakers had an average per game attendance of 18,997 with a total attendance of about 779 thousand. Tickets to Lakers home games cost 103.27 U.S. dollars in 2015/16 according to Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index. The overall league-wide average ticket price was at 55.88 U.S. dollars in the 2015/16 season. Forbes ascribes the franchise a total value of 4.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2020, an increase in value of 700 million U.S. dollars compared to the previous year. The Los Angeles Lakers are one of three franchises that are currently valued at four billion U.S. dollars or more. The revenue of the Los Angeles Lakers was at 434 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. The Lakers are one of the most successful franchises of the National Basketball Association with a total of 16 championships under their belt. Only the Boston Celtics have won more titles with a total of 17. Some of the best players ever, such as Jerry West, Earvin ‘Magic’ Johnson, Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Shaquille O’Neal and Kobe Bryant have played for the Los Angeles Lakers franchise. 
 Forecasts suggest that nearly 13.5 million microwave ovens will be shipped in the United States in 2019, marking the product’s highest sales figure in years. Although quite a mature market, microwave oven shipments have fluctuated significantly over the past few decades. Between 2005 and 2013 total shipments fell from around 13.9 million to 9.2 million per year; but in recent years the market has recovered to previous levels. Small household appliances The small household appliance industry to which microwave ovens belong generally includes household appliances with some degree of portability. Unlike refrigerators and washing machines, small household appliances tend to be countertop products that can be stored away when unneeded. As of 2017, the average American spent well over 100 dollars per year on small appliances such as microwaves, toasters, vacuums, and coffee makers. This 2017 average spending figure marked an all-time high. Electrolux, a leading home appliance company based in Stockholm, Sweden, recorded over 800 million dollars in small appliance net sales in 2018. 
 The world soccer governing body, FIFA, first released world rankings for women's international teams in 2003, with the men’s rankings first appearing in December 1992. The rankings are published four times a year and are weighted to emphasise recent results. The latest release of the world rankings sees the United States national team sit top of the pile with 2,180 points, just ahead of Germany and the Netherlands in second and third place respectively. USA on top of the world The United States women's national soccer team, which played its first game in 1985, is currently considered the best women’s soccer team in the world. They have won a total of four FIFA Women's World Cups , the last time in France in 2019, as well as four Olympic women's gold medals. Such is the success of the US women's national team that they generated game revenue of 50.8 million U.S. dollars since winning the 2015 World Cup, marginally higher than their male counterparts. Alex Morgan, one of the stars of the team, ranked 12th on the list of highest paid female athletes in 2019. The vast majority of this income was generated by Morgan's various endorsements, which includes deals with Nike, McDonald's, and Coca-Cola. Women's World Cup The inagural FIFA Women's World Cup took place in China in 1991 and has been held every four years since. The eight editions of the World Cup have been won by four different teams - the United States have claimed the title a record four times, while Germany have been crowned champions twice, and Japan and Norway once each. The popularity of women's soccer in the United States is highligthed in the fact that the 1999 Women's World Cup held in the US remains the tournament with the highest average attendance - an average of 37,319 fans watched each game during that tournament. The local fans got the result they wanted as the hosts beat China on penalties in the final held at the Rose Bowl in California. The most recent World Cup was held in France in 2019 and saw the United States beat the Netherlands 2-0 in the final. Some 14.3 million viewers in the United States tuned into this final, an impressive number considering the unfavorable time difference. 
 The statistic depicts the smartphone penetration in Malaysia as share of the population from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 49 percent of the population in Malaysia used a smartphone. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Japanese yen (EUR JPY), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the introduction of the euro in 1999 up until 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on many observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: this denotes concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2000 and 2007, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Japanese yen noted an overall increase. In 2007, the euro to Japanese yen annual average exchange rate was equal to 161.25, which meant that one euro could buy 161.25 Japanese yen. By 2019 this value had decreased overall, to a value of 122.01, which meant that one euro could buy 122.01 Japanese yen. 
 The United States is the leading consumer of corn worldwide. In 2018/2019, the U.S. consumed about 12.42 billion bushels of corn. China, the runner up, consumed about 10.91 billion bushels of corn in that year. Corn production in the U.S. Corn for grain makes up about a 27 percent share of all U.S. crop area harvested in 2017, meaning that corn has the second largest crop area in the United States. By contrast, corn for silage only makes up a two percent share of the total U.S. crop area. In 2018, approximately 14.4 billion bushels of corn for grain were produced in the United States. The vast majority of corn grown in the United States is enhanced with biotechnology. Corn utilization in the U.S. Though it is a popular and widely available vegetable in the United States, most of the corn grown in the United States is processed into ethanol, used as animal feed, or used to manufacture high fructose corn syrup. Of the 14.7 billion metric bushels of corn utilized in the United States in 2017/2018, about 5.6 billion metric bushels went to the production of ethanol and other by-products. In 2018, the average American consumed 6.75 pounds of fresh sweet corn, a decrease from about 9.2 pounds of sweet corn in 2010. 
 In 2019, the unemployment rate in the United Arab Emirates was at 2.64 percent of the total labor force. The unemployment rate depicts the share of a country's labor force without jobs but available and actively seeking employment. The United Arab Emirates’ unemployment rate is quite low, and the region has one of lowest amounts of unemployed persons worldwide. Oil-based economy One of the most important economic centers of Western Asia, the United Arab Emirates’ gross domestic product (GDP) amounted to around 424.64 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The United Arab Emirates’ economy is particularly reliant on oil exports, and it holds the seventh-largest proved oil reserves. Most reserves are located in Abu Dhabi in a combination of offshore and onshore locations. UAE population Due to the profitable nature of the petroleum industry and a relatively small population, the country has one of the highest GDP per capita rates in the world, at over 40,700 U.S. dollars in 2018. The country’s population is mostly comprised of expatriate workers, the majority of whom who have cultural backgrounds from South Asia, Egypt, and the Philippines. Most of the country’s population fall between the ages of 15 and 64 years. 
 This statistic shows the results of a 2014 survey among Americans on the proficiency of using chopsticks. The survey shows that 4 percent of Americans consider themselves experts at using chopsticks. 24 percent of Americans stated that they have not tried to use chopsticks. 
 This statistic depicts the revenue of chemical company Dupont from 2008 to 2016. In 2016, DuPont generated some 24.5 billion U.S. dollars of revenue. DuPont, with full name E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, was a U.S.-based chemical company, and one of the largest companies in this industry worldwide. It wass headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware. On September 1, 2017, Dow Chemical and DuPont successfully completed their merger of equals. From that date onwards the single company is known as DowDuPont. 
 In 2018, over 66 percent of South Africa's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Urbanization defines the share of urban population from the total population of a country. Just like urbanization, the population density within the nation has risen, reaching 46 inhabitants per square kilometer, meaning more people are sharing less space. Many opportunities for work and leisure can be found in the urban locations of South Africa, and as such the five largest municipalities each now have over three million residents. Facing its economic strengths and drawbacks South Africa is a leading services destination, as it is one of the most industrialized countries in the continent of Africa. The majority of the country’s gross domestic product comes from the services sector, where more than 70 percent of the employed population works. Unemployment is seen as a critical indicator of the state of an economy, and for South Africa, a high rate of over 25 percent could indicate a need for a shift in economic policy. As of 2017, South Africa was one of the twenty countries with the highest rate of unemployment in the world. 
 In January 2020, 2.95 billion U.S. dollars were paid out in unemployment benefits in the United States. This is an increase from January 2019, when 2.91 billion U.S. dollars were paid in unemployment benefits. Welfare in the U.S. Unemployment benefits first started in 1935 during the Great Depression as a part of President Franklin D. Roosevelt’s New Deal. The Social Security Act of 1935 ensured that Americans would not fall deeper into poverty. The United States was the only developed nation in the world at the time that did not offer any welfare benefits. This program created unemployment benefits, Medicare and Medicaid, and maternal and child welfare. The only major welfare program that the United States currently lacks is a paid maternity leave policy. Currently, the United States only offers 12 unpaid weeks of leave, under certain circumstances. However, the number of people without health insurance in the United States has greatly decreased since 2010. Unemployment benefits Current unemployment benefits in the United States vary from state to state, because unemployment is funded by both the state and the federal government. The average duration of people collecting unemployment benefits in the United States has fluctuated since January 2019, from as little as 10.87 weeks to as many as 19.3 weeks. The unemployment rate varies by ethnicity, gender, and education levels. For example, those aged 16 to 24 have faced the highest unemployment rates since 1990. As of December 2019, the Buffalo-Cheektowaga-Niagara Falls, New York metropolitan area had the highest unemployment rate in the United States. 
 In 2018, over 26 million Indian nationals departed on outbound travels from India, marking an increase from the previous year. Interestingly, since 2000, an exponential rise was seen in the number of Indian nationals traveling outside the country for leisure and other reasons. Travel bug and the economy Indian nationals are traveling more than ever before. However, far fewer Indians travel internationally compared to domestic travels. Since 2012, over one billion Indian nationals have traveled within the country. The various tax exemptions announced by the government in recent years was one of the reasons for an increase in disposable incomes among people. This seems to have been a welcome move, since a large section of the society in India travel on a need basis. The newly growing economy seems to have triggered an increase in travel and tourism expenditures especially by the middle and lower class of people who have built more capacity for savings. India’s busiest airport The aviation industry has also grown drastically over the last decade, with over 125 operational airports in the country as of today. The Indira Gandhi International Airport in Delhi was the busiest airport in terms of passenger traffic in 2019, while the United Arab Emirates was the leading destination for passengers traveling from India. The UAE was both, a leisure and business destination for many Indians. 
 This statistic depicts coconut production worldwide from 2000 to 2017. In 2014, global coconut production amounted to about 61.44 million metric tons. Coconut production - additional information Commonly referred to as the “tree of life”, the coconut has a wide range of uses. The coir, a natural elastic fiber taken from coconut husks, can be used to make floor mats, brushes, ropes and strings. Coconut leaves can be used to make brooms, baskets, roofing thatches and temporary sheds. Coconut lumber is used for building houses and furniture. Fuel and charcoal can be produced from husks and coconut shells. Coconut oil, coconut milk and copra are among products extracted from coconut meat. Coconut water has gained popularity over the last few years—not only as refreshment but also as a sports drink. In addition to that, coconuts have been used to create musical instruments in China, Vietnam, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. In the Philippines, alcoholic beverages are created from coconuts. While the coconut is a staple in many households in tropical regions, it is still considered exotic by most Western countries. Agriculturists classify the coconut as a drupe which is a fruit, a nut and a seed in one. Many Asian cultures consider the coconut as a potent cure for illnesses such as nausea, rash, fever and the like. Moreover, nutritionists claim that coconuts contain naturally sterile electrolytes, high amounts of fiber, lauric acid, manganese, potassium and phosphorus. Since 2007, about 60 million metric tons of coconuts had been produced worldwide annually. In 2015, U.S. sales of coconut milk amounted to approximately 201 million U.S. dollars. Silk and So Delicious were the best-selling refrigerated coconut milk brands in the United States in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Tanzania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Tanzania amounted to about 3.51 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows a timeline with the global number of mobile monthly active Facebook users. As of the fourth quarter of 2016, the social network had more than 1.74 billion mobile MAU. Facebook surpassed one billion mobile MAU during the first quarter of 2014. Active users are those which have logged in to Facebook during the last 30 days. 
 The statistic shows the number of participating countries in the Summer Olympics from 1896 to 2016. In 2016, athletes from 207 countries participated in the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Ethiopia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Ethiopia amounted to about 13.83 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the import of goods to China from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, goods worth approximately 1.84 trillion U.S. dollars were imported to China. Imports to China – additional information In 2013, China had surpassed the United States as the world’s largest goods trader. That year, China’s imports and exports had summed up to more than four trillion U.S. dollars. As shown in the graph at hand, there has been a fairly steady increase in imports over the last decade, except in 2009. China’s imports of goods had decreased by around 11 percent due to the global financial crisis in 2009, before recovering to a positive growth in 2010.In 2012, China's import contribution to the gross domestic product (GDP) had ranged at more than 20 percent. The European Union (EU) is one of China’s most important trading partners, with imports worth approximately 220 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. EU exports to China were mainly focused on machinery and motor vehicles. In 2012, China had imported cars from the EU with a value of approximately 19 billion euros.Another commonly used economic indicator for international trade is a country’s trade balance. It refers to the value of exported goods minus the value of imported goods. In 2013, China had generated a trade surplus, which amounted to around 260 billion U.S. dollars, hitting a record high since 2009. 
 This statistic presents the most popular dating apps in the United States as of April 2016, by market share. According to the findings, Tinder had reported the biggest market share of monthly users, with a value of 25.6 percent. Following behind Tinder, was PlentyOfFish with a market share of monthly users at 19.4 percent. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Nigeria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Nigeria's real gross domestic product increased by around 1.92 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the population growth in India from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the population of India grew by about 1.04 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic represents the regional distribution of Pinterest traffic in the last three months. As of October 2019, the United States accounted for 43.03 percent of desktop traffic to the visual blogging site during this period of time. 
 This statistic shows the countries with the largest lithium reserves worldwide as estimated in 2019. In that year, it was estimated that the United States had total lithium reserves of approximately 630,000 metric tons. Lithium reserves by country Lithium is a soft, silver-white metal within the alkali metal group on the periodic table. In nature, lithium occurs only in compounds due to its high reactivity. Chile had the largest lithium reserves worldwide in 2019 by a large margin. Chile had an estimated 8.6 million metric tons of lithium reserves. Australia came in second with reserves estimated at 2.8 million metric tons. Mineral reserves are defined as those minerals that were extractable or producible at the time of estimate. Australia was the top country in terms of lithium mine production in 2019, producing 42,000 metric tons of lithium that year. Lithium is used primarily in batteries, glass and ceramics, with other uses including rocket fuel and lasers. The global lithium battery market is projected to grow substantially in coming years, from 30 billion U.S. dollars in 2017 to over 100 billion U.S. dollars by 2025. The electric vehicle market will propel the growth of the lithium market as the number of hybrid and electric vehicles powered by rechargeable lithium batteries picks up. In 2018 the top producers of lithium battery cells were estimated to be Panasonic Sanyo, CATL, BYD, and LG Chem. It is expected that Germany, China, Japan, and France will be leading electric vehicle producing countries. 
 This statistic shows the motor vehicle theft rate per 100,000 inhabitants in the United States in 2018, distinguished by state. In 2018, District of Columbia was ranked first with 541.9 cases per 100,000 inhabitants in the U.S. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Bangladesh from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Bangladesh population was 25.7 years. 
 The timeline shows a forecast for the data volume of worldwide consumer IP traffic until 2022. In 2022, global consumer IP traffic is expected to reach 333 exabytes per month at a 27 percent compound annual growth rate. Consumer traffic includes fixed IP traffic generated by households, university populations, and internet cafés. Consumer IP internet traffic amounted to 100 EB per month in 2017. 
 The graph shows the distribution of Pokémon GO players in the United States as of July 2016, broken down by age group. It was found that in the measured period, 46 percent of Pokémon GO users were between the ages of 18 and 29. It was measured that the popular AR mobile game had 27 million active users in the U.S. in 2017, with 10 million playing the game on iOS devices, and 17 million using it on Android mobiles. The total user count is expected to grow to 67 million in 2020. Pokémon GO made it to the top five of gaming apps in the U.S. Google Play store in February 2017, based on number of downloads. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate of recent graduates in the United States from December 2018 to December 2019. In December 2019, about 3.9 percent of recent college graduates were unemployed in the U.S. 
 This statistic shows a forecast of the volume of nickel consumption globally from 2015 to 2020. By 2020, it is predicted that nickel consumption will reach nearly 2.4 million metric tons worldwide. Nickel is most commonly used for making steels, nonferrous alloys, and electroplating. It is also common in both industrial and commercial products. 
 This statistic gives information on the distribution of Twitter users worldwide as of January 2020, sorted by gender. During the survey period, 38 percent of Twitter audiences were female and 62 percent were male. 
 In 2017, approximately 36.5 million people had access to the internet in Thailand. This figure is projected to grow to about 57.4 million in 2023. As the figures suggest, the number of internet users has been gradually increasing since 2015. Internet usage in Asia Pacific Similarly, the number of internet users in Asia Pacific has grown steadily since 2014, and it was estimated to grow to 48.8 percent of the population by 2019. As of January 2019, China had the highest number of internet users, followed by India, Indonesia, and Japan. Internet user profile in Thailand In 2017, 46 million over 16-year-olds in Thailand were internet users. Thai internet users spent 10 hours and 5 minutes on average using the internet in 2018, which increased from 2017 by 3 hours and 30 minutes. As of January 2018, it was also reported that the most used device to access internet among Thai users were mobile phones, followed by laptops and desktops. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in the United Kingdom from 1999 to 2019. The UK's unemployment rate decreased to 3.81 percent in 2019. Unemployment and the economy of the United Kingdom The global financial crisis of 2008 left many nations with high inflation and increasing unemployment rates. The United Kingdom, however, has attempted and successfully lowered the unemployment rate since 2009. The UK is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the Council of Europe, the G7, the G8, the G20, NATO, and World Trade Organization. It is therefore one of the biggest and most important economic powers in the world. It consists of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, and in 2014, the UK population amounted to over 64 million people. The same year, it reported the sixth largest gross domestic product in the world, reaching more than 2.8 billion U.S. dollars - and with a prospering economy, its GDP is on the upswing: It is estimated that the GDP in the United Kingdom will grow by approximately 3 percent in 2015 in comparison to the previous year. Regarding unemployment, the UK has never been "typically European". Europe's unemployment rate has been relatively high in comparison to other world regions; the unemployment rate in developed countries and the European Union in 2014 was around 7.8 percent. Meanwhile, the global unemployment rate in 2014 was an estimated 5.9 percent. Despite reporting the third highest unemployment rate in major industrial and emerging countries, behind France and India, the unemployment rate in the United Kingdom is much lower than the European Union rate. 
 This graph shows the number of executions of inmates on death row in the United States from 1976 to 2019, by state. As of November 18, 2019, Texas has executed a total of 566 people since the reinstatement of capital punishment in the United States in 1976. 
 This statistic shows the world's largest tire manufacturers in 2018, based on tire-related revenue. Continental's revenue from its tire division amounted to around 13 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The world's largest tire makers The ranking of the world’s largest tire manufacturers is dominated by European and Asian manufacturers. Third–ranked Goodyear Tire and Rubber Co. was the key tire maker with headquarters in the United States. Since labor costs are the second largest driver of tire production costs, Asian manufacturers are able to benefit from low wages in the majority of their plants. In terms of tire-related sales revenue, Japan's Bridgestone continues to be the main player in the tire manufacturing business, while Germany's Continental is the major player based on overall revenue. However, Continental is active in various fields, including the production of tires, brake systems, tachographs and automotive safety, while Continental’s closest rival, Bridgestone of Japan, generates around 83 percent of its revenue from the tire segment. Continental was founded in 1871 as a rubber manufacturer. The company generated about 44 billion euros in revenue, and had around 243,000 employees worldwide during the 2018 fiscal year. That same year, some seven percent of Continental’s worldwide sales went to the company’s research and development division. 
 Over the last two decades, the household waste recycling rate in England has increased significantly from just 11.2 percent to almost 50 percent. However, England still falls short of the EU target of recycling a minimum of 50 percent of its household waste by 2020. As of 2018, Wales was the only nation in the UK to reach this target, and in 2017 recorded a recycling rate of 64 percent. Local authority barriers One issue with the amount of recycling that can be done is that not all local authorities collect the same materials. In 2017, just 18 percent of local authorities in England collected plastic film, nearly half as many as in Wales. Plastic waste exports For many years, the UK relied on exporting plastic waste to China, with 24 percent of its plastic packaging waste exported there in 2017. However, in the same year China announced it would introduce a ban on millions of tons of recycling waste imports from around the world. This poses a challenge to UK authorities, as in 2017, 163 thousand metric tons of plastic packaging was exported to China. 
 This line graph shows the number of road traffic fatalities per year in Greece between 2006 and 2018. In 2009, 1,456 individuals were killed in motor vehicle accidents. An overall decrease in the number of road deaths was observed within the time period shown. The highest number of road fatalities in this timeframe occurred in 2006, the first entry in this statistic. From 2006 to 2018, the number of road traffic fatalities decreased by 957. Since 2012 there were fewer than 1,000 road fatalities in Greece per annum.From 2015 to 2016 the number of road fatalities increased slightly from 793 fatalities to 824 fatalities. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees at Ecolab between 2009 and 2018. Ecolab Inc. is a leading company in cleaning, sanitizing, pest elimination services, food safety and infection prevention products and services worldwide. In 2008, the corporation had 26,568 employees. Ecolab’s number of employees Ecolab Inc. is a leading company in cleaning, sanitizing, pest elimination services, food safety, and infection prevention products and services worldwide. The company was founded in 1923 and is currently headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota, USA. Of some 45,400 total individuals employed by Ecolab in 2013, over 25,000 were employed in sales-and-services, making Ecolab’s the largest direct sales-and-service force in its industry. Ecolab’s number of employees grew considerably from 2010 to 2018, when the company went from 26,494 employees to 49,000 employees. In addition to increases in number of employees, Ecolab’s revenue and Ecolab’s net income have grown in recent years. Ecolab’s revenue was 6.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2010. Revenues grew to 14.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2014. The corporation’s business mix was quite diverse in 2013; when revenue is broken down by segment, one sees that Global Industrial accounted for 4.9 billion U.S. dollars of revenue, or roughly 34 percent of sales. The segment Global Institutional accounted for 4.2 billion U.S. dollars in revenues, or 30 percent of total sales. In its annual report, Ecolab reported making a number of strategic acquisitions in 2012. They acquired Quimiproducts S.A. de C.V, a leading manufacturer and provider of sanitizing, cleaning and water treatment products and services to beverage and brewery customers in South America. InsetCenter, a key player in the Brazilian pest control market, was also acquired by Ecolab that year. In April 2013, Ecolab closed on its acquisition of Champion Technologies, a leading global oilfield production chemical company, and related company and CorsiTech. The transaction was valued at 2.3 billion. 
 This statistic presents the brand value of the most valuable Swiss watch brands in 2016. In that year, Rolex was the most valuable Swiss watch brand at 7.25 billion Swiss francs (CHF). Rolex is one of the worlds most powerful brands, and it has a long history within the watch making business. The company was actually founded in England in 1905, but it then moved its operations to Geneva, Switerzerland in 1919. 
 During the period between 1931 and 1960, the number of live births in the United Kingdom peaked in 1947, where there were estimated to have been over one million births. By contrast, the year with the least births was 1941 when there were just 695 thousand births. These two figures are undoubtedly linked to the Second World War, with 1941 coming just after the Battle of Britain and 1947 being two years after the end of the war. Talking ‘bout the generations… Due to the higher number of births that occurred after the end of the Second World War, the so-called Baby Boomer Generation was still the largest in the United Kingdom as of 2015. They numbered around 14.8 million people in this year, dwarfing both Generation X and Millennials of which there were 13 million and 13.8 million respectively. Comparisons with other times While there were certainly a lot of births in 1947, the year with the highest number of births in twentieth century was 1920 when there were 1.1 million births. This came after a significant drop in the number of births that happened during the First World War, with every year prior to 1914 having over a million births. The 1960s was another period of relatively high births, but throughout the 1970s the figures fell and remained relatively low until the early 2010s. 
 The statistic presents the number of copies E.L. James's 'Fifty Shades of Grey' sold in selected countries worldwide as of February 2014. The book sold more than one million copies in Germany as of February 2014 and a total of over 100 million worldwide. During a survey in 2016, romance ranked third in a list of preferred e-book genres in the United States. At the top of the list was the mystery/thriller genre, which 50 percent of respondents cited as their preferred e-book genre. The romance genre was more popular amongst women, with 44 percent of female respondents stating that romance was their favorite e-book genre. 
 This statistic outlines the research and development costs of ExxonMobil from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, ExxonMobil's research and development costs amounted to 1.12 billion U.S. dollars. ExxonMobil is a United States-based multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving, Texas. ExxonMobil key facts The ExxonMobil Corporation is a U.S. oil and gas corporation, headquartered in Irving, Texas. It was formed in 1999 through the fusion of Exxon and Mobil, previously known as Standard Oil of New York and Standard Oil of New Jersey respectively. The company traces its roots back to John D. Rockeffeller’s Standard Oil Company, which was founded in 1870. Today, ExxonMobil is one of the largest companies in the world. According to the Financial Times, ExxonMobil is the world’s number one oil and gas company based on market capitalization. As of 2018, ExxonMobil had a market capitalization of some 283 billion U.S. dollars. Based on 2017 revenue, ExxonMobil was the ninth largest company worldwide, topped by Wal-Mart, State Grid, Toyota, Volkswagen, and four other oil and gas companies: Sinopec, China National Petroleum, Royal Dutch Shell, and BP. Research and development expenditure in the oil and gas industry is not as high as in some other major industries. For example, the chemical industry spends around three percent of its revenue for R&D purposes. Pharmaceutical companies spend even more – often between 15 and 20 percent. In 2018, ExxonMobil spent around 1.1 billion US dollars on research and development. One decade earlier, in 2008, this figure stood at some 847 million U.S. dollars. However, oil and gas companies like ExxonMobil always have to cover exploration expenses. In 2018, these costs came to some 1.47 billion U.S. dollars for ExxonMobil. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cleveland Cavaliers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 50.02 U.S. dollars. 
 The New York Yankees are one of the most recognisable and valuable sports brands on the planet, no doubt in part due to their success on the baseball field. The New York franchise has won the World Series championships a record 27 times, with their closest rivals in terms of titles, the St. Louis Cardinals, having lifted the trophy 11 times. However, the Yankees fans have been starved of success in recent years as the team's last World Series title came back in 2009. MLB World Series Baseball in North America has a long history, dating back at least to the 1850s, when it was already referred to as the national game or national pastime. In the late 1800s, the National Association of Base Ball Players, the sport's first governing body, was formed in the New York area. Today, Major League Baseball (MLB) is the governing body of professional baseball in the United States and Canada, uniting two leagues — the American League (AL) and the National League (AL), each with 15 teams and three divisions. Every October, the winners of each league championship series meet in order to play the MLB World Series, the most important event of the baseball season. New York Yankees The Yankees, who play in the American League East, were established in 1901 under the name The Orioles in Baltimore and were rebranded in 1913 in New York. The New York Yankees are the most valuable franchise in Major League Baseball. As of 2019, the team’s brand value is estimated at some 4.6 billion U.S. dollars, far ahead of the Los Angeles Dodgers in second place with a value of 3.3 billion U.S. dollars. The Yankees play their homes games at Yankee Stadium in the Bronx area of New York City. The stadium has a capacity of just over 47 thousand for baseball games and the average attendance for a Yankees game during the 2018 season stood at just under 43 thousand. As a result, a total of almost 3.5 million spectators passed through the gates of Yankee Stadium across the season, a decrease from the 4.27 million fans who enjoyed the games live during the 2007 season. 
 This graph depicts the total attendance at popular music concerts in the United States from 2003 to 2013. In 2013, 59.44 million people attended a popular music concert at least once. The music concert industry – additional information In 2016, Beyonce and Guns 'N' Rose were among the most successful music tours in North America, generating 169.4 million U.S. dollars and 130.8 million U.S. dollars, respectively in gross revenue. During that same time, Bruce Springsteen and Coldplay led some of the most successful global tours, generating 268.3 million U.S. dollars and 241 million U.S. dollars, respectively.Ticket sales revenue in North America reached their highest point in 2016, totaling 7.3 billion U.S. dollars. The concert industry is benefiting from increasing number of shows, ticket sales, as well as ticket prices. Foro Sol, a large outdoor venue built in 1993 in Mexico City, had ticket sales amounting to almost one million units in 2016. Live Nation is one of the leading global music promoters, selling over 44 million tickets in 2016. A merger between Live Nation and Ticketmaster formed the current company, Live Nation Entertainment in 2010. It is based in California, United States, and focuses on promoting live music events. Utilization of social media has also enabled a broader market reach. The integration of mobile devices in parallel with the concert experience has allowed for ticket purchases, skipping entry lines, and new apps. 
 In 2018, there were 185,437 aggravated assaults where firearms were used. In comparison, there were 123,253 aggravated assaults where knives or other cutting instruments were used. What are firearms? Firearms are portable weapons used to shoot bullets. There are several different types of firearms, which include rifles, shotguns, machine guns, and pistols. Gun laws in the United States vary from state to state, where some states have stricter laws than others. Each state has their own constitution, which allows them to have their own interpretation of the Second Amendment of the Constitution. Gun culture in the United States is a large part of certain regions, where they share similar attitudes and beliefs about firearms and their right to own them. Aggravated Assault Aggravated assault is an intended action to cause serious bodily harm to someone else. California saw the highest number of aggravated assaults in 2018, with Texas, Florida, New York, and Tennessee rounding out the top five. In contrast, the reported violent crime rate has decreased significantly since 1990, meaning that the U.S. is safer now than it was thirty years ago. 
 In 2018, Italy was the leading European producer of wine with an output of approximately 48.5 million hectoliters, followed by France at 46.4 million hectoliters. Together with Spain, the three countries accounted for most of the wine produced in Europe. Wine worldwideThe three European giants are also the world’s top three wine producers, followed by the United States. The U.S. is the leading country for total wine consumption, followed by France, Italy, and Germany. If you want to know more about the worldwide wine market or the market of a specific country, you can visit our consumer market outlook for more information. The alcohol market When it comes to the consumption of all alcoholic beverages by country the U.S. loses its top spot it held in wine consumption and comes in second place to China. The total western European alcoholic drinks market had a value of 331.87 billion Euros in 2018. Over the previous few years, the European alcoholic market has seen growth which is expected to grow further in 2019 and 2020. 
 This statistic shows the least expensive countries for a monthly Netflix subscription worldwide as of April 2019. The data reveals that Colombia was the least expensive place in the world to get Netflix, with a monthly subscription costing 5.4 U.S. dollars. In Pakistan, the monthly price for a Netflix subscription amounted to 6.7 U.S. dollars, and Mexican subscribers paid 6.76 U.S. dollars per month to use the streaming service. 
 LVMH had a total of 4,915 stores in operation around the world as of 2019, up from 2,314 in 2008. LVMH, an amalgamation of Louis Vuitton, Moët, and Hennessy, is the top selling luxury personal goods companies in the world. The company operates globally selling a diverse range of products. LVMH sells luxury leather goods, handbags, and ready-to-wear fashion through its Louis Vuitton brand, and wines and spirits through its Moët and Hennessy brands. Louis Vuitton Moët Hennessy LVMH is active in a number of markets around the world. In 2019, 24 percent of the group’s revenue was generated in the United States, while around nine percent was generated in the group’s domestic market of France. The LVMH Group holds a few of the most valuable and well recognized brands on the planet. Louis Vuitton is currently the most valuable luxury brand in the world. This is particularly impressive considering the size of the global personal luxury goods market. Hennessy also features in such a listing within the spirits market.
 This statistic shows the murder and non-negligent manslaughter rate per 100,000 inhabitants in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, the District of Columbia had the highest rate of murder and non-negligent manslaughter with a rate of 22.8 per 100,000 inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows the player expenses (payroll) of Toronto FC of Major League Soccer by player in 2019. Michael Bradley received a salary of 6.5 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in Switzerland from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a change in it is a sign of economic growth. In 2017, the GDP in Switzerland grew by about 1.86 percent compared to the previous year. Switzerland's economy Switzerland holds one of the steadiest and secure economies in the world, enticing international investors as well as the world’s richest to deposit their money within the country. Switzerland’s relatively low population is highly educated and specialized in the workforce, something that essentially leads to a prosperous economy. In addition to its workforce earning some of the highest salaries in the world, Switzerland maintained one of the lowest unemployment rates in the Europe, despite being affected by the 2008 financial crisis. With higher wages and specialized jobs, economic growth as well as production within the country continued to grow, a fact most evident through values of GDP. As a result, Switzerland’s gross domestic product per capita was ranked among one of the highest in the world. However, economic growth did not occur too rapidly and wages were set at a reasonable controllable amount, which allowed Switzerland to maintain a low inflation rate. 
 This statistic represents the total electricity net generation in the United States between 1950 and 2018. In 2018, approximately 4.2 trillion kilowatt hours of electricity were generated in the United States. U.S. electricity generation In 2018, the United States generated some 4.2 petawatt hours of electricity. Broken down by energy source, this includes about 66.6 billion kilowatt hours from solar energy and 274.95 billion kilowatt hours from wind power. While the bulk of US electricity is produced by investor-owned electric utilities, municipal utilities, federal agencies and utility co-operatives, a growing fraction of electricity – especially from renewable sources – is generated by private homes and businesses. As renewable energy sources such as wind and solar are gaining in importance, large companies including Google and IKEA are starting to accelerate renewable energy installations in order to actually produce more power than they use. Between 2005 and 2015, U.S. renewable energy generation increased from 358 terawatt hours to 550 terawatt hours of electricity. The residential sector was ranked as the largest consumer of electricity in the United States. Retail electricity sales of some 1.46 petawatt hours went to residential users in 2018. Residential consumers are also asked to pay the most for electricity. The average retail price of electricity stood at around 10.58 US dollar cents per kilowatt hour in 2018. Residential users paid the highest prices for electricity while the commercial industry paid about 9.46 U.S. cents per kilowatt hour in comparison. 
 In 2019 BASF, the largest diversified chemical company in the world, generated a revenue of around 59 billion euros. Revenue of BASF Headquarted in Ludwigshafen, Germany, it is composed of twelve divisions that are grouped into six segments: Chemicals, Materials, Industrial Solutions, Surface Technologies, Nutrition & Care, and Agricultural Solutions. These segments were newly structured, however, in January 2019. Accordingly, only data for the previous segment structure was available for 2018. The segment that generated the most revenue in 2018 was their Functional Materials & Solutions segment, at 21.4 billion euros. Their chemicals segment generated the second highest amount of revenue that year, bringing in 16.5 billion euros. The region that generated the most revenue that year was Europe, accounting for a 45 percent share of their revenue. Following Europe was their North America region, which accounted for a 27 percent share of revenues that year. Employees of BASF In 2019, BASF had 117,628 employees, a slight decrease from the 122,404 employed in 2018. BASF’s net income has fluctuated since 2005. In 2019, they reported a net income of 8.4 billion euros, an increase from the 4.7 billion euros that were reported in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the number of millionaires in China from 2012 to 2019. According to the report, there were 1.58 million millionaires who had personal wealth of over 10 million yuan in China in 2018, decreased from 1.61 million in the previous year. 
 This statistic represents the rate of Salmonella in the United States, as of 2018, by state. As of that year, South Dakota had the second highest rate of Salmonella in the United States with almost 35 new cases per every 100,000 population. Salmonella in the United States Within the U.S., the rate of salmonella was the second highest in South Dakota, totaling about 35.4 new cases per 100,000 population, as of 2018, only topped by Mississippi with 39.8 new cases per 100,000 population. In total, there were 16.7 cases of salmonellosis per every 100,000 population in the United States. Between 1991 and 2016, there were 3,796 illnesses due to salmonella linked to live poultry in the country as well as 6 deaths. Salmonellosis, an infection caused by Salmonella, usually lasts between 4 to 7 days and generally patients recover without any treatment. Salmonella can be transferred from animal products to humans so the best preventative measures are to cook food such as poultry, ground beef, and eggs thoroughly. Cross-contamination of these food items should also be avoided. In very young and elderly patients, the bacteria may enter the bloodstream and require antibiotherapy to cure the patient. Salmonella can also lead to other illnesses such as typhoid fever, paratyphoid fever, and food poisoning. About 67.9 million U.S. dollars were donated for research and development on the Salmonella infection globally in 2015. 
 The statistic depicts South Africa's real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, South Africa's real GDP had increased by about 0.79 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the percentage of worldwide internet application attack traffic between November 2017 and April 2018, by originating countries. During that period of time, 30.1 percent of web app attack traffic originated from IP addresses in the United States. The United States were also the country most targeted by web attacks, suffering from over 238.6 million attacks during the fourth quarter of 2017. In 2017, the average costs of cyber crime in the United States amounted to 21.22 million U.S. dollars, the most costly worldwide. 
 Leonardo Del Vecchio, founder of the eyewear company Luxottica, podiumed in the yearly ranking of Italian billionaires, published by the American business magazine Forbes. With the total net worth estimated at 24.4 billion dollars, Del Vecchio put ahead other Italian entrepreneurs - Giovanni Ferrero, the CEO of the Italian confectionary company Ferrero and the fashion designer Giorgio Armani, whose fortunes reached respectively 21.9 and 11.2 billion dollars. Largest eyewear company in the world Luxottica is the largest company in the eyewear sector worldwide. Brands such as Ray-Ban, Bulgari and Chanel belong to Del Vecchio's enterprise. The company started as a small business in the North of Italy and transformed over the years into a globally-known brand, with over nine thousand stores worldwide. Italian entrepreneur among 100 richest persons in the world When compared to the global ranking of billionaires, the Italian founder of Luxottica ranked in the 38th position. As in the previous year, the title of the richest men on the planet in 2019 went to Jeff Bezos, the founder and CEO of Amazon. The net wealth of this Albuquerque-born entrepreneur, estimated at 112 billion dollars in 2018, increased to roughly 131 billion dollars in 2019. The second place was achieved by the multiple leader of the Forbes’ ranking, Bill Gates, whose fortune was estimated at 106.4 billion US dollars in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the property crime rate per 100,000 inhabitants in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, the property crime rate in South Carolina was 3,017.6 per 100,000 residents, as compared to 1,440.5 in New York. 
 The statistic shows the GDP per capita in France from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, GDP per capita in France was at around 42,953.27 US dollars.Suffering competitiveness GDP is one of the primary indicators that is used to gauge the state of health of a country’s economy. It is the total market value of all completed goods and services that have been produced within a country in a given period of time, usually a year. GDP figures allow us to understand a country’s economy in a clear way. Real GDP, in a similar way, is also a very useful indicator; this is a measurement that takes prices changes (inflation and deflation) into account, therefore acting as a key indicator for economic growth. Gross domestic product per capita in France is predicted to continue falling in 2013 after a short period of growth in 2011 indicated that it may not, in fact, be on the mend. The country has been suffering significant economic hardship since the economic crisis of 2008 swept across the world. The European Union’s second largest economy is experiencing a shocking deterioration in its level of competitiveness. The items – cars, clothing, steel, electrical goods – that France is producing are simply failing to compete with the goods produced by Asian countries and its European neighbours, which, in turn, is leading to an accelerating fall in exports and a notable decline in the service and manufacturing sectors that support them. It could be argued that up until now France has managed to maintain its status as a reliable northern eurozone country, propped up by the uncontested reliability and strength of its principal partner, Germany. 
 In Denmark, the total number of reported criminal offences fluctuated in recent years. In 2019, the number stood at close to 499 thousand crimes, and among them there were 52 homicides reported. According to the Danish Penal Code, the penalty for homicide ranges from a minimum of a five-year prison sentence to imprisonment for life. Imprisonment for life implies 12 years in prison, before the inmate can apply for probation. Victims of crime In 2017, the number of victims of criminal offences reported in Denmark peaked. In the year that followed, it decreased again and amounted to almost 74.5 thousand victims of crime. Most Danes were victims of offences against property. The number was higher for women than for men as there were around 22.3 thousand female victims and nearly 15.4 thousand male victims reported in 2018. Peaceful country In general, Denmark is considered a safe and peaceful country. In 2019, the country came in fifth place in the ranking of the most peaceful countries in the world. Its Global Peace Index amounted to 1.32. The lower the index value, the higher the peacefulness. This index is measured by the level of social safety and security, the extent of ongoing domestic and international conflicts, and the degree of militarization. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in the United States from 1990 to 2018. The median household income was 63,179 U.S. dollars in 2018. Household income The median household income depicts the income of households, including the income of the householder and all other individuals aged 15 years or over living in the household. Income includes wages and salaries, unemployment insurance, disability payments, child support payments received, regular rental receipts, as well as any personal business, investment, or other kinds of income received routinely. The median household income in the United States varies from state to state. In 2018, the median household income was 86,345 U.S. dollars in Massachusetts, while the median household income in Mississippi was approximately 42,781 U.S. dollars at that time. Household income is also used to determine the poverty line in the United States. In 2018, about 11.8 percent of the U.S. population was living in poverty. The child poverty rate, which represents people under the age of 18 living in poverty, has been growing steadily over the first decade since the turn of the century, from 16.2 percent of the children living below the poverty line in year 2000 to 22 percent in 2010. In 2018, it had lowered to 16.2 percent. The state with the widest gap between the rich and the poor was New York, with a gini coefficient score of 0.52 in 2017. The Gini coefficient is calculated by looking at average income rates. A score of zero would reflect perfect income equality and a score of one indicates a society where one person would have all the money and all other people have nothing. 
 The countries in the Middle East are renowned for their vast oil reserves in the global market. While the largest importer of oil and petroleum is the United States, the leading producer of oil in the Middle East is Saudi Arabia with over 12 million barrels of oil produced per day as of 2018. “Global oil reserves and trade” Besides Saudi Arabia, the United States imports petroleum from various countries around the world among which Canada is the largest exporter of petroleum having exported around 4.3 billion barrels of petroleum to the United States in 2018. Back in 2015, Kuwait and the United Arab Emirates held the second and third largest oil reserves in the Gulf Cooperation Council. Oil market of Saudi Arabia As of 2018, over 10 million barrels of crude oil were produced in Saudi Arabia of which 3 million barrels were consumed, on a daily basis. This crude oil is further refined to produce products such as diesel, fuel oil, gasoline, LPG, kerosene etc. by refineries like Saudi Aramco. Of these, the highest production was of diesel equaling 319 thousand barrels in 2017. 
 This statistic presents the share of teenage social media users in the United States who have experienced peer pressure on social media as of March 2015. During the survey period, it was found that 21 percent of respondents felt worse about their own life because of something they saw from other friends on social media. 
 This statistic gives information on the distribution of YouTube users in the United States as of Fall 2015, sorted by gender. During the survey period, 51 percent of YouTube users were male and 49 percent of users were female. 
 Alaska is the largest U.S. state in terms of area and also contains some areas of the most untamed wildlife in North America. In 2012, there was around 91.8 million acres of forest area located in Alaska, more than any other U.S. state. U.S. lumber production The United States lumber industry has seen ups and downs over the last several years. In 2006, some 49.74 billion board feet of lumber were produced in the United States. Three years later this figure had decreased to around 30.2 billion board feet, the lowest it had been in recent years. By 2016, the production volume of lumber had recovered somewhat, reaching 41 billion board feet. U.S. national park system As a country with so much natural splendor, it only makes sense that there is a vast network of national parks and forests in the United States dedicated to preservation and public enjoyment. In 2018, the Golden Gate National Recreation Area in California was the leading unit in the national park system in terms of visitors. In addition, 58 percent of American campers intended to visit a national park in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the net income of The Wendy's Company worldwide from 2009 to 2019. Fast food chain Wendy's had a net income of approximately 136.9 million U.S. dollars in 2019. This shows a 70 percent decrease over previous year's total amounting to 460.1 million U.S. dollars. 
 In 2017, there were 4,313 higher education institutions across the United States. This was a decrease from 2015, when there were 4,583 higher education institutions across the nation. Higher education in the U.S. Higher education in the United States refers to colleges and universities in the country. The U.S. has some notable distinctions in regards to higher education when compared to the rest of the world, including NCAA sports, Greek life, and high attendance costs. However, a large majority of the world’s best universities are located in the United States. Some of these universities include the eight Ivy League schools, Massachusetts Institute of Technology, and Stanford University. Higher education costs The cost of university in the United States has increased significantly over the last few decades. As a result of these high tuition costs, it has caused students to take out exorbitantly high student loans. Both federal and state governments have decreased the amount of funding towards public schools, but mandatory outlays for higher education are expected to increase over the next several years. In 2017, California had the highest amount of higher education expenditures by state and local governments. California also has the most higher education institutions in the country. 
 According to a third quarter 2019 survey, 68 percent of male internet users in the United States used YouTube. The video platform had a usage reach of 67 percent among female U.S. internet users. Overall, 38 percent of U.S. YouTube users accessed the platform several times a day. 
 The graph depicts the all-time standings of men's soccer national teams at the World Cup. After the completion of the FIFA World Cup 2018 in Russiam the German national team is ranked second with a total of 221 points. 
 This timeline shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Afghanistan from 2004 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Afghanistan's gross domestic product per capita amounted to an estimated 569.53 U.S. dollars. Afghanistan's economy Over the past decade, Afghanistan’s gross domestic product has increased approximately threefold, with the most prominent surge occurring between 2009 and 2010. The substantial improvement of Afghanistan’s GDP and the country's economic situation in general is a result of billions of dollars worth of international investments as well as enhancements in agricultural production. However, many aspects of Afghanistan’s economy are still flawed, most distinctly within its employment sector, but also regarding revenues and expenses. Afghanistan held one of the highest unemployment rates in the world in 2009, with roughly 35 percent of its entire population being registered as unemployed. Additionally, Afghanistan has maintained a trade deficit over the past decade, implying that its imports exceeded its exports. The country’s highest trade deficits occurred after the financial crisis took place, however has since impeded. Another reason for Afghanistan’s economic crisis was the Afghan War. Prior to the war, the country had struggled economically in many forms and became further encumbered after the destruction of infrastructure, production facilities and farmland, as well as trade routes. However with President Obama’s plan to pull American soldiers from Afghan soil and to end the war, it is expected that the economic situation in Afghanistan will improve. 
 The Philippines’ inflation rate seems to have leveled off after peaking at more than 5 percent in 2018 and jumping up and down a few years prior. The Philippines are considered “newly industrialized”, but the economy relies on remittances from nationals overseas, and the services sector generates most of its GDP . Emerging and soon to develop? After switching from agriculture to services and manufacturing, the Philippines are now an emerging economy, i.e. the country has some characteristics of a developed nation but is not quite there yet. In order to transition into a developed nation, the Philippines must meet certain requirements, like being able to sustain their economic development, being very open to foreign investors, or maintaining a very high stability of the institutional framework (like law enforcement and the government). Only if these changes are irreversible can they be classified as a developed nation. The Philippines’ switch to services Ever since the switch to services and manufacturing, employment in these areas has increased and the country is now among those with the highest employment in the tourism industry worldwide. This transition was not entirely voluntary but also due to decreasing government support, the liberalization of trade, and reform programs. Still, agriculture is important for the country: As of 2017, more than a quarter of Filipinos are still working in the agricultural sector, and urbanization has only increased very slightly over the last decade. 
 As of April 2019, it was estimated that MoviePass had just 225 thousand subscribers in the United States, a significant drop from the three million recorded in June 2018. MoviePass is no stranger to media attention, but after the recent claims from a source that they had obtained internal data about MoviePass’s floundering subscriber base, the company is once again in the spotlight. What is MoviePass? MoviePass is a subscription-based movie ticketing service, designed to allow subscribers to buy a select amount of movie tickets each month for a single fee. MoviePass has been controversial since its inception, with multiple app issues, price changes and major chains expressing concerns about MoviePass’s business model. Despite a sudden increase in its subscriber base in 2018, MoviePass has never been especially popular with potential customers. A study showed that most respondents had never subscribed to MoviePass and a large amount had never heard of the service. Among the few responding adults who did subscribe, most were under the age of 45, with only very small percentages of older generations saying that they had a subscription. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Cyprus semi-annually from 2010 to 2019. In the second half of 2018, the average electricity price for households was 21.83 euro cents per kWh. 
 This statistic represents the projected global revenue from construction equipment sales between 2017 and 2020. In 2020, it is expected that this market will be sized at almost 90 billion U.S. dollars. Size of the global construction equipment market Caterpillar, Komatsu and Hitachi are among the world’s leading manufacturers of construction equipment, which includes excavators, wheel loaders, pavers and concrete mixers. Construction machinery manufacturers sell their equipment to customers in the private as well as the public segment, the latter one being highly dependent on investment efforts undertaken by political decision makers. During the 2008 financial crisis, many politicians delayed the continued renewal of their countries’ infrastructure, resulting in a stark decline in market volume particularly in mature economies such as Japan. The global market for construction equipment is expected to grow by 28 percent from around 70 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 to approximately 90 billion U.S. dollars in 2020. While manufacturers are hoping for stabilization in the Chinese market, India is expected to hold the largest potential for growth. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of League of Legends (LoL) monthly active users worldwide from 2011 to 2016. In 2016, LoL had 100 million MAU, up from 90 million in 2015. Being one of the most prominent eSports games, in 2015 LoL championship finals attracted 36 million viewers worldwide. What is more, with the rise of gaming video content popularity, video games enthusiasts can now watch other players try their chances in the game, from the comfort of their own home. And so, League of Legends was one of the top games on Twitch, based on the number of hours viewed in 2016. It comes a no surprise that LoL held the highest share of the MOBA games revenues that year. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Italy from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Italy was around 9.22 percent. Economy and employment in Italy Since reaching a decade low in 2007, unemployment in Italy has experienced considerable surges, most notably after 2011. This is mainly the cause of their late 2000s recession, originally triggered by the global crisis. Additionally, Italy experienced its highest spike in national debt from 2007 to 2011), indicating that it is becoming more dependent on other nations to fund and fuel its economy. A significant reason for the country’s national debt is inefficient budgeting as well as incompetent leadership. Over the same timeframe as the crisis, Italy reported extensive trade deficits year-over-year, implying that they imported more than they exported. Italy experienced its largest trade deficit in 2010, mainly from their trade balance of goods, which reached a decade low. In 2013, Italy earned a place as one of the top 20 leading import countries worldwide, ahead of prominent exporters such as Canada and Saudi Arabia. This signifies that the country is in fact capable of producing and selling goods however require funding from other countries to complete the job, which subsequently leads to a higher national debt. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. states where the most hay was produced in 2017. Nebraska came second with an estimated hay production amount of around 6.2 million tons of hay in that year. 
 In 2018, the average hourly wage in the Netherlands was roughly 22,70 euros. Hourly wages varied between some four euros per hour (for those younger than 15) to just over 27 euros hourly (for those 50 to 60 years old). Highest hourly wages in the mining and quarrying industry Wages were highest in the mining and quarrying sector, at nearly 35 euros per hour. By comparison, employees in the accommodation and food service industry earned just 13 euros per hour on average. Those working in the agriculture, forestry and fishing sector fared only slightly better, with an average hourly wage of 16.64 euros. The larger the company, the higher the pay Average hourly pay was highest in large companies employing over 100 people. In 2018, employees working here on average earned 23.51 euros per hour, whereas those in companies with ten to 100 employees received roughly 2.50 less per hour. Employees in small organizations with less than ten employees on average earned 22.18 an hour. 
 This statistic shows the number of confirmed homicides in Sweden from 2008 to 2018. The number of homicides has fluctuated in this period. In 2017, the number stood at 113 homicides which was relatively high considering the whole 10-year period. The lowest number within this time period was registered in 2012, with 68 confirmed homicides. The number of confirmed homicides in Sweden in 2018 was 108. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of the mobile app verticals with the highest install and user base growth in 2018. In 2018, mid-core games had the highest Growth Index score with rating of 18.53. This, according to the source, is due to the growth of battle royale and MOBA games such as Fortnite. 
 Deliveries of BMW MINI-badged cars stood at about 361,500 units in 2018. BMW has operated the MINI brand since 2000 and adapted the trademark compact style originally designed by Birmingham-based British Motor Corporation (BMC) to meet modern preferences. In the UK, the MINI brand was launched with great success. MINI has a UK car registration share of about three percent and accounts for almost 30 percent of BMW Group’s vehicle sales in the United Kingdom. Origin of MINI The MINI brand was originally a small two-door hatchback that became synonymous with 1960s British style and motoring. The MINI was even developed as a successful rally car, with its compact and low center of gravity design able to accelerate around tight corners. MINI's place as a cultural icon was set in stone as it featured in a 1969 caper film, The Italian Job. Design changes The United States has become one of MIN’s largest markets. In light of MINI's dwindling U.S. market share, however, BMW intends to implement major changes to designs and marketing strategies to suit the U.S. market. Unlike its smaller predecessors, the MINI Countryman was the first subcompact crossover SUV for the brand. Future MINIs are expected to go in similar directions. BMW are also expected to produce a fully electric model to compete in the growing electric vehicle market. 
 This timeline displays member numbers of social network LinkedIn from the first quarter of 2009 to the third quarter of 2016, in millions. During the most recently reported quarter, LinkedIn had 467 million members, up from 450 million members in the preceding quarter. LinkedIn – additional information LinkedIn, which was founded in California and launched in 2003, is a social networking service for businesses and professionals. The site is available in over 200 countries worldwide in 20 different languages. A breakdown, by country, of LinkedIn’s registered membership worldwide, as of 2016 reveals that the majority of members are based in the United States with 128 million Americans registered on the site. India boasted the second highest membership with 35 million and Brazil rounded off the top three with 25 million registered members. Furthermore, smaller countries including Sweden, Denmark, Ireland and Malaysia all had an estimated 1 million registered members each. The networking site allows members to create profiles and make connections with others as a way of establishing professional relationships. This function allows employers to advertise jobs and search for prospective candidates. In turn, job seekers can also search and view the profiles of hiring companies and individuals via existing connections. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Italy from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Italy was around 34,320.75 U.S. dollars. Italy's struggling economy Italy’s GDP per capita has been unstable since 2008, often experiencing slight increases and decreases annually. The third largest economy of the euro area not only suffered from the global financial crisis, they were also one of the primary victims of the euro area crisis. One of the outcomes is the significant growth of Italy’s national debt, which saw continued upsurges every year over the past decade. With the collapse of investments and loss of industrial production, the Italian state was forced to resort to increase taxation and decrease spending. Additionally, Italy was forced to borrow more, which in turn increased national debt and furthermore their debt-to-GDP ratio. A debt-to-GDP ratio is significant to help determine if a country can pay off its debts without incurring more. Increased taxation and decrease spending helped with reducing expenditures as well as raising revenues, however Italy still maintained a trade balance deficit, which has only recently< started to recover. Several reasons for Italy’s downturn as a country are unnecessary spending and incompetent leadership. 
 This graph depicts the estimated number of skier and snowboard visits in the U.S. during the winter seasons between 2000 and 2019. During the 2018/2019 season, the U.S. had about 59 million snow sports visits in total. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in Turkey from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Turkey was at about 11.9 percent. Trade in Turkey Turkey is a growing market and recognized as one of the world’s newest industrialized countries. Partially due Turkey’s fast growing economy, the country was able to save up and maintain a relatively large currency reserve. Currency reserves are most important in dire financial situations. Turkey is also a member of the G-20 major economies and the EU Customs Union, an organization made up of EU countries as well as neighboring countries that essentially allow no customs to be levied on goods being traded within the borders of these countries. As a result, a large percentage of goods imported and exported were going to and coming from countries within the custom borders. However, many Turkish officials believed that it was necessary to expand exports beyond westernized countries in order to further develop the country’s trade sector, and for this reason, trades with countries such as Iran and Iraq. Primary imports into Turkey consist of machinery, chemicals, semi-finished goods, fuels and transport equipment. Additionally, a large part of those imports are made up of cotton, with Turkey being one of the largest importers of cotton in the world. Due to large imports and struggles with its exports, Turkey reported a trade deficit every year over the past decade with increasing difficulties to attain a trade surplus. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in Poland from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Poland amounted to about 3.27 percent. Economy of Poland Poland holds the sixth largest economy and is the ninth most populated country in the EU, with the country’s population remaining relatively stagnant over the past decade. Poland’s economy has maintained rather strong and stable, and its GDP was reported to have grown over the past several years, despite being affected by the global recession of 2009. Various factors that attributed to the fast recovery and maintenance of Poland’s economy were a large market as well as multiple economic transformations that were essentially introduced to help with the country’s transition from the fall of communism. Additionally, Poland sustained a low level of debt, particularly in comparison with the country’s gross domestic product, which indicates that Poland is capable of paying back its debts without incurring further debt. Poland primarily trades with its European neighbors, most prominently Germany. Imports within the country consist mainly of goods that are used for manufacturing and as a result, Poland reported a trade balance deficit. However, since these goods are used for the further development of the country rather than for consumption, a trade balance deficit is seen as acceptable and rather positive than negative. Today, Poland’s industry is principally focused on machinery, electronics and car manufacturing and has several large mining reserves available for export and further reconstruction within the country. 
 This statistic shows the 12 month percentage change in the chained consumer price index in the United States from 2001 to 2019 at year-end. In December 2019, prices went up by 2.1 percent compared to December 2018. The annual inflation rate based on current dollar value can be accessed here. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Jordan from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Jordan amounted to about 4.46 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The total beef production in the United States is estimated to reach 27.3 billion pounds in 2019, up from 26.87 billion pounds in the previous year. Over the last two decades, the total U.S. beef production has fluctuated slightly but remained stable overall. Beef retail in the United States Beef has the highest retail sales of any fresh meat in the United States, as of 2017. In that year, over 19 thousand dollars worth of fresh beef were sold per store per week in the United States. The retail price for 100 percent ground beef in the United States was 3.73 U.S. dollars per pound in 2018, down from 4.16 U.S. dollars in 2014. Beef brisket, on the other hand, was priced on average around three U.S. dollars per pound in major grocery retailers. U.S. beef consumption The United States consumes more beef than any other country in the world. Consumption of beef amounted to around 58 pounds per capita on an annual basis. This was projected to increase over the next several years before slowly decreasing around the year 2021. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Malaysia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up to 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Malaysia amounted to about 0.97 percent compared to the previous year. Malaysia's economy is slowly recovering The inflation rate is the annual rate of increase of a price index, normally the consumer price index over time. If the same item bought today for 1 U.S. dollar is bought again one year from now, but for 1.03 U.S. dollars, then the inflation rate is at 3 percent. Generally, a low inflation rate is sought by every country, and a rate of 3 percent, as is estimated for Malaysia in the next few years, is considered low. However, there was a slight rise in Malaysia’s inflation rate, from close to 2 percent in 2010 to a little over 3 percent in 2011. In 2012, it dropped back down to its normal rate, but future estimates predict a slight increase once again. Perhaps this increase has come from initial worries concerning the country’s slowing economy as the country’s GDP growth slowed from 7.43 percent in 2010 to 5.19 percent in 2011, or its negative budget balance in relation to GDP which was at its recent worst in 2010 at -4.66 percent. At the same time, the country’s national debt was also rising, but predictions show that this trend is reversing. Yet, the economic outlook and inflation rate still appear stable for the future of Malaysia, and the inflation rate is below the global inflation rate. Furthermore, the country’s GDP continues to rise and totaled 326.93 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. 
 The statistic shows total U.S. arms exports in the years 2000 to 2018 expressed in TIV. The TIV is based on the known unit production costs of a core set of weapons and is intended to represent the transfer of military resources rather than the financial value of the transfer. The TIV is expressed here in million constant U.S. dollars as of 1990. In 2018, the U.S. arms exports totaled to about 10,508 million constant (1990) U.S. dollars. The depicted export value is only an indicator and does not correspond to the actual financial value of the transfers. 
 This statistic shows the market share held by ultrabooks as a percentage of global notebook shipments from 2011 to 2015. Ultrabooks are forecast to account for 42.7 percent of global notebook PC shipments in 2015, up from just 1.8 percent in 2011. In 2012, Apple's MacBook Air shipments are expected to total 8.4 million devices. With estimated combined sales of 4.2 million ultrabooks in 2012, Hewlett-Packard and Lenovo aren't likely to come close to Apple. 
 With a turnover of approximately 160 billion Norwegian kroner, one of the worldwide top oil and gas companies Norsk Hydro, was the leading Norwegian enterprise as of February 2020. Ranked second was the Norwegian part of the mobile communications provider Telenor. The generated revenue of the company amounted to almost 110 billion Norwegian kroner. 
 The statistics shows the average number of civilian deaths per day by car bombs and suicide attacks in Iraq war from 2003 to 2013*. As of January 19, 2013, there were an average of 6.4 civilian deaths per day caused by suicide attacks and car bombs in 2013. Iraq war The Iraq war was launched in March 2003 upon the invasion of Iraq by U.S. forces. Eight years later, in December 2011, the US formally declared and end to the Iraq war. According to the survey among U.S. citizens, which was conducted by Gallup in March 2013, ten years after the invasion of Iraq, 53 percent of the participants stated that the Iraq War was a mistake. Civilian casualties are the deaths of non-military individuals as a result of military operations. Due to the data from Iraqbodycount.org, 29 thousand civilian deaths were documented in 2006. Many of these fatalities were caused by car bombs and suicide attacks. The average number of civilian deaths per day due to these methods culminated in 2007 with 22 people killed per day. Not only civilian casualties can be counted during the Iraq War, many American soldiers lost their lives in the Iraq War. In 2007, 904 U.S. soldier’s deaths were reported in Iraq. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in Mexico from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Mexico's population was 27.7 years. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Colombia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Colombia amounted to about 3.24 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, Taiwan’s gross domestic product amounted to around 589.91 billion U.S. dollars. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. Taiwan’s GDP is projected to reach 746 billion U.S. dollars by 2024. Taiwan has the largest economy of any nation not a member of the United Nations (UN). Analyzing Taiwan’s economy Taiwan’s services sector generates the highest share of its GDP, at around 62 percent, though its industry sector also contributes about 35 percent to overall GDP in Taiwan. During the last decade, Taiwan has consistently held a trade surplus, and is known for its exports of electronics, machinery, and petrochemicals. Taiwan’s population Taiwan is a densely populated state, with a total population of about 23 million people, most of whom are between the ages of 15-64 years. Many members of the population are working; the unemployment rate was at only 3.8 percent in 2017. As one of the world’s technology hardware centers, Taiwan’s work force is comprised of high-skilled workers capable of navigating new technologies, such as artificial intelligence and blockchain. 
 Vietnam’s real gross domestic product (GDP) has been experiencing positive growth for the past five years since 2014, and is projected to continue to do so through 2024. In 2018, Vietnam’s real GDP increased by around seven percent compared to the previous year. Learning from real GDP Real gross domestic product (GDP) is a measure that reflects the value of all goods and services an economy produces within a given year. It is expressed in base-year prices, and is thus an inflation-adjusted way to compare a country’s economic output through the years. The GDP growth rate is a significant indicator of a country’s economic health, as it reacts to the economy’s expansions and contractions. Vietnam’s optimistic future As indicated by the positive growth rate of its real GDP, Vietnam’s economy is expanding due to growth in exports, domestic demand, and the manufacturing sector. As the economy expands, so does the total expenditure of Vietnamese consumers. The average monthly income per capita in Vietnam increased to almost 3.8 percent in 2018, and is spent on fast moving consumer goods from popular brands like Vinamilk and P/S. 
 In 2019, U.S. online retail sales of physical goods amounted to 365.2 billion US dollars and are projected to reach close to 600 billion US dollars in 2024. Apparel and accessories retail e-commerce in the U.S. is projected to generate 194.4 billion U.S. dollars in revenue by 2024. 
 The annual revenue of Debenhams has fallen flat in the past decade, stagnating around 2.2 million British pounds in 2018 as displayed in this statistic. One of the household names in UK high streets, Debenhams went into administration in April 2019, after rejecting Sports Direct’s buyout offer. Since then, Debenhams has been involved in yet more legal drama with its creditors and landlords, as well as Sports Direct’s renewed attempts to derail if not devour the department store retailer. International markets Debenhams is one of the oldest department stores in the United Kingdom. Established in 1778 in London, the retailer is active in Denmark, in addition to the UK and Ireland. In fact, revenue coming from Denmark makes this country the biggest market after the UK. Woes of department stores It is not just Debenhams that is struggling with sales and maintaining its position in UK high streets. Marks and Spencer and House of Fraser are two other department store retailers whose share in this market has shrunk in recent years. In fact, House of Fraser is another department store retailer to have gone into administration and eventually be bought by Sports Direct in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for St. Louis Cardinals games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 35.54 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in home gym exercise in the United States from 2006 to 2013. In 2012, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in home gym exercise amounted to approximately 25.4 million. Home gym exercise - additional information The number of participants in home gym exercise in the United States fell slightly from 26.69 million in 2006 down to 25.51 million in 2013. Special equipment, for example cross trainers, exercise bikes and benches, is needed to start home exercise. One of the most expensive pieces of home gym equipment is a multi-purpose home gym. Multi-purpose home gyms are benches with various functions that combine numerous ways to train the body. In 2013, the average retail price of a multi-purpose home gym amounted to around 636 U.S. dollars in the United States. In terms of other sports equipment prices, billiard/pool tables were the most expensive sporting goods. To purchase a billiard or pool table, consumers had to spend around 760 U.S. dollars in 2013. Recent statistics show that the number of health clubs and fitness centers in the United States increased from 29,750 in 2009 to 32,150 in 2013. Globally, the United States is the country with the most health clubs, followed by Brazil. In addition, the number of memberships at heath clubs/fitness centers has increased since 2000 and reached a peak in 2013 with 52.9 million memberships. This positive trend can also be seen in the fitness center/health club industry revenue. Since 2000, the revenue of fitness centers/health clubs has risen steadily and amounted to 22.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. 
 In the first two months of 2020, 2.3 thousand migrants arrived by sea in Italy. In 2019, 11.5 thousand migrants arrivals on the Italian coasts. Between 2014 and 2019, the number of migrants setting foot in the country peaked in 2016 at 181 thousand individuals. Among the most frequent nationalities declared upon arrivals, Tunisian and Pakistani ranked first and second. More specifically, 2.6 thousand people declared coming from Tunisia, while 1.2 thousand were Pakistani. Asylum seekers and minors among the migrants In September 2019, the largest number of asylum applicants in Italy were from Pakistan. For instance, 779 requests were recorded only in that month. In addition, 218 applicants were from Nigeria, the second most common nationality among the asylum seekers. In the last years, many unaccompanied minors reached the Italian coasts. Between January and October 2019, over a thousand children migrated without their parents into the country. Contrasting opinions and distorted perceptions According to the data published by Ipsos, a part of Italians tend to overestimate the size of the immigrated population. The results of this survey uncovered the presence of distorted perceptions in 2018: people thought that about 28 percent of the Italian population was not born in Italy, whereas the actual percentage was around ten. Furthermore, the public opinion on migration was controversial. In the same year, roughly half of the population perceived migrants as a risk for the Italian economy. On the other hand, 18 percent of Italians believed that migration could be a resource for the country. 
 This statistic presents the number of consumer cloud-based online service users worldwide. In 2018, approximately 3.6 billion internet users are projected to access cloud computing services, up from 2.4 billion users in 2013. 
 As of January 2019, there were approximately 2.89 million men living in Denmark. Among these, 48 thousand men had the name Peter. It is also found in the variants Petar, Peder, Per and others. Peter was the most common male name in the country, while Jens and Michael came in second and third place. Female names The number of women in Denmark in 2019 amounted to approximately 2.92 million females. The most common name was Anne. In this year, around 45.2 thousand women bore the name. It originally derived from the name Hannah. In the ranking, it was followed by the names Kirsten and Mette. Danish surnames Most surnames in Denmark were created by using the patronymic tradition until hereditary surnames became mandatory in the 1820s. This was a common tradition in some of the Nordic countries. For Danish surnames, it meant to have the suffix -sen (son) or -datter (daughter) added to the father’s name. Due to the German influence, other names occurred for example from an occupation such as Møller (the operator of the mill), which was a common tradition for creating surnames in Germany. As of January 2020, Nielsen and Jensen were the most common Danish surnames. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in India from 2015 to 2023. In 2018, 390.9 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 500.9 million mobile phone internet users. 
 Ethical cosmetics and beauty company Lush generated the largest portion of its revenue from its operations in the United Kingdom in 2018. This was followed by the brand’s retail activities in Japan, where the number of Lush shops is almost as high as retail UK stores. Young shopper profile Lush manufactures and sells hand-made beauty, hair and skincare products. The brand is known for its policy of animal-free product testing. In the UK, while Lush’s shopper profile covers a wide range of demographics, young people still make up a large majority of Lush customers. Online without social In 2019, Lush made the surprising announcement that it was bringing its social media presence to an end. The company closed its Facebook, Twitter and Instagram accounts, yet revenue from online continues to soar, delivering a consistently increasing turnover from digital sales since 2016. 
 The statistic presents the countries with the highest malware infection rates. As of the fourth quarter of 2016, 47.09 percent of computers in China were infected with malware. Turkey was ranked second with a 42.88 percent infection rate. 
 This graph shows population projections for the United States of America. The estimated population of the USA in 2050 is 398 million residents. Population The U.S. Census Bureau presents annual projections for the growth of the U.S. population up to the year 2060. By 2050, it is estimated that the American population will surpass 398 million citizens. The U.S. census also projects a regressing annual growth rate, starting at 0.8 percent in 2015 and decreasing to 0.46 percent by 2060. The UN population division publishes population projections for the entire world up to the year 2100. The United Nations also projects a regressing annual growth rate of the world population. Between 2015 and 2020, the population is expected to increase by 1.04 percent annually. Around 2060, the annual growth rate will have decreased to 0.34 percent. 
 This statistic outlines the refining capacity of the leading 20 crude oil refining companies worldwide in 2014. The Mexican state-owned petroleum company Petróleos Mexicanos, also known as Pemex, had a crude oil refining capacity of 1.7 million barrels per day in 2014. 
 The Ford Motor Company reported total debt of about 155 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. Total debt comprises automotive debt, credit debt, and other debt. The Ford Motor Company’s debt In 2008, when the global economy tumbled into recession, the CEOs of all Big Three US automakers flew into Washington DC to plead for emergency government aid. Unlike General Motors and Chrysler, Ford’s executive Alan Mulally decided against a rescue package from Congress, although the firm recorded losses of around 15 billion US dollars in 2008 – which represented an annual loss of about 11 billion US dollars. The situation was further exacerbated when the company lost market share to Asian carmakers: The automobile manufacturer’s U.S. market share declined by almost nine percent between 1999 and 2009. In order to shave down the significant debt obligations it had, the Ford Motor Company underwent a restructuring process which included the elimination of various brands from its portfolio. As a result, the rating for Ford’s bonds was raised from junk to BB in 2010. In the fiscal year of 2012, the Ford Motor Company reported total debt of around 90 billion US dollars, down from about 154 billion US dollars in the fiscal year of 2008. Founded and incorporated in 1903 by Henry Ford, the Ford Motor Company is headquartered just 15 minutes away from Detroit, the center of the U.S. automotive manufacturing industry. In order to meet the overwhelming demand for its Model T vehicles, the company was the first automaker worldwide to perfect assembly line production. The company still produces highly sought-after models today, including the Ford F-Series, 2018’s best selling car and light truck worldwide. The carmaker’s wholly owned brands include the Ford marque and Lincoln. Furthermore, the Ford Motor Company owns a minority stake in Japan’s Mazda and Britain’s Aston Martin. 
 This statistic depicts organic food sales in the United States from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, organic food sales in the United States amounted to about 47.9 billion U.S. dollars. Organic food Organic foods are foods that are manufactured using organic farming standards. Those agricultural standards are regulated by the department of government responsible for them and contain regulations for the cultivation of food and animal welfare. In particular, the use of chemical fertilizers, synthetic pesticides, growth hormones and antibiotics is not allowed or only partly permitted. In addition, fewer food additives are permitted for the processing of organic foods. In the United States, organic foods are certified by the National Organic Program. Products which have fulfilled the criteria are labeled with the term ‘organic’ on the food packaging. Organic food sales have experienced tremendous growth in the last decade. For this reason, not only specialized retailers sell organic foods but also traditional supermarkets and discounters. Widely known specialized organic retailers in the United States include Whole Foods Market and Sprouts Farmers Market. Whole Foods Market is the largest specialized organic retailer in the United States with headquarters in Austin, Texas. It was founded in 1980 and operates more than 450 stores in the United States. In general, organic foods are usually offered at a higher price level than their conventional counterparts. A recent survey revealed that consumers actively try to include organic products in their diet. Whether or not organic foods are healthier and more nutritious compared to conventionally farmed produce is a much debated subject. Up to now, no evidence of significant differences between the two farming methods where taste or health are concerned has been established. 
 In 2017, about 784,901 babies were born in Germany, a slight decrease from the year before. Germany is the country with the highest number of births in the European Union, with over 20 thousand more births more than France, the country with the next highest number of live births in Europe. Population growth in Germany Germany has about 83 million inhabitants, making it the most populous country in Europe. The country has favorable living conditions, such as a highly developed economy and strong public health and medical care, resulting in a long life expectancy of around 80 years. In recent years, Germany’s fertility rate has increased, though it shifted from a high of 1.59 in 2016 to 1.57 in 2017. A strong economy Germany is a political and economic leader within the European Union, and has the largest economy within the EU, contributing a GDP of approximately 3.39 billion euros. Most of Germany’s working population is employed in the services sector, in industries such as finance, tourism, and trade. 
 Over 30 million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEU) of cargo are expected to be transported across the Pacific Ocean in 2019, making Trans-Pacific routes the largest shipping zone in terms of load size. As a result of growing globalization, the volume of seaborne trade reached some 11 billion metric tons in 2016. Trade boom in Asia Asian economies are experiencing a boom. They are home to the world's leading container ports. The largest container ship fleets worldwide are also registered here. Trade and pollution Although seaborne freight is still widely regarded as one of the most efficient modes of transport with regards to weight to carbon dioxide emissions, it is also apparent that large, diesel engine-propelled ships contribute to the increased production of greenhouse gases, such as carbon dioxide (CO2), as well as other pollutants such as sulfur dioxide. Maritime transport produces 2.6 percent of global CO2 emissions, the majority of which is caused by three major ship classes: container ships, bulk carriers, and oil tankers. Improved efficiency of ships across nearly all class types has reduced the carbon intensity of the world’s fleet. However, CO2 emissions are increasingly produced in other areas, such as the tourism industry, where higher levels of efficiency are offset by a rise in the number of cruise liner ships. 
 Under Armour is an American sporting goods manufacturer, based in Baltimore, Maryland. The company has experienced substantial growth over the past decade, with their global net revenues amounting to approximately 5.27 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. Under Armour had revenues of less than one billion U.S. dollars as recently as 2009. The majority of Under Armour’s sales come from apparel, with the remainder coming from footwear and sporting equipment and accessories. How does Under Armour compare to other companies within the sportswear and sporting goods industry? The global sportswear industry is a lucrative sector, which is forecast to continue to grow in the coming years. Nike and adidas are two of the world's leading athletic apparel companies and their brand values are on another level compared to Under Armour’s. While Under Armour is one of the largest sportswear and sporting goods manufacturers in the world, it is still far behind Nike and adidas who are the dominating companies within this industry. Under Armour has still quite a way to go before it reaches the same heights as Nike and adidas, however if the company maintains its strong levels of growth it may achieve this goal in the future. Puma is possibly a better benchmark of where Under Armour currently is within this industry. 
 The statistic shows the average inflation rate in Switzerland from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Switzerland was approximately 0.94 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the size of the labor force in Italy from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020. In 2018, Italy had a labor force of around 23.22 million people. 
 In 2018, the number of passenger cars sold in Germany amounted to 3.4 million units. This was a slight decrease compared to the previous year. The German automobile industry has been growing consecutively in the past few years and is one of the biggest in the world. “Abwrackprämie“ boosts sales in 2009 The number of cars sold on the German market peaked at 3.8 million units in 2009. This was due to the government's introduction of a scrappage program, the so-called "Abwrackprämie". It had been implemented for the purpose of bettering air quality by encouraging owners to scrap their old car (over the age of 9) and buying a newer, supposedly more environmentally friendly Euro 4 model. Controversy surrounded the program at the time, because car sales had been declining in the years prior and it was seen by many as a move intended to help German carmakers make greater profits. Evaluations by Environmental Action Germany (“Deutsche Umwelthilfe”) and the Institute for Energy and Environmental Research Heidelberg (“ifeu”) concluded that the ecological benefit was minimal if not non-existent. According to the Federal Office of Economics and Export Control, Volkswagen was the car brand profiting the most from the program. German new car market generates 107bn euros The German new car market brought in 107 billion euros in revenues in 2018, having grown consecutively since 2013. By comparison, sales of used cars had generated 84.7 billion euros. 
 Apple reported net income of 55.26 billion U.S. dollars in its 2019 fiscal year, the second highest net income to date. Apple’s global revenue rose to 260.17 billion U.S. dollars in that same year. Founded in 1976 in California by Steve Jobs, Steve Wozniak and Ronald Wayne, Apple has over the years developed into one of the most valuable brands worldwide. Apple’s products The product that contributed most to Apple’s success is the iPhone, which brought in 52 billion U.S. dollars sales revenue in the first quarter of 2019 alone. Revenues generated from iPhone sales consistently make up around 60 percent of Apple’s overall revenue in recent years. Other major Apple products include consumer electronic devices such as the Mac computers, iPad, Apple Watch and the smart speaker HomePod. Apple’s service products, such as the iTunes Store and iCloud, are becoming a greater part of the company’s business and provides new sources of revenue stream. 
 The statistic shows the fertility rate in India from 2007 to 2017. In the year 2017, about 2.24 children were born per woman of childbearing age. Despite a decreasing fertility rate, the total population of India is expected to increase over the next few years. 
 Between 2016 and 2018, the production volume of meat worldwide has increased from 317 million metric tons to 327 million metric tons. Top producers of meat Asia has the highest production of meat of any world region, at 141.7 million metric tons in 2017. The Americas came in second at 104 million metric tons in that year. Despite this, several of the top meat production companies worldwide are based in the United States, such as Tyson, Hormel Foods, and National Beef. In 2017, Tyson had the highest market capitalization, making it the leading meat production corporation in the world. Meat consumption worldwide In 2017, poultry and pork were the two most popular kinds of meat in terms of global consumption. However, by 2021 it is projected that poultry consumption will overtake pork consumption by a large margin. When it comes to per capita sales, Estonians purchase the highest volume of meat products and sausage worldwide, followed by United States. 
 In the 2019 United Kingdom General Election, voter turnout was 67.3 percent of eligible voters, a 1.5 percent drop compared with the previous general election in 2017. Between 1922 and 1997 voter turnout never fell below 70 percent, but in 2001 it dropped to just 59.4 percent. Since that low point, voter turnout has gradually recovered and reached 72.2 percent in the Brexit Referendum of 2016, which is still some way off the peak of 83.9 percent recorded in the 1950 General Election. A winter election in 2019 The United Kingdom's first winter election since 1923, took place on December 12, 2019. Typically, elections in the UK take place in warmer months, due to a fear that bad weather will lead to lower turnouts. The irregular timing of this election undoubtedly has much to do with the political chaos caused by Brexit however, and the failure of the UK to leave the European Union on October 31, 2019 Voter apathy in EU elections The trend of low voter turnouts in recent times is also reflected in the European elections, which had its lowest voter turnout in 2014 at 42.61 percent. Although this did increase in the most recent European elections in 2019 to 50.6 percent, this is still far below the 61.99 percent recorded in the first European elections in 1979. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Indonesia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Indonesian population was 28.5 years. Life in Indonesia The Republic of Indonesia is a sovereign state archipelago in Southeast Asia. Indonesia is made up of more than 17,000 islands, with the biggest three being Java, Sumatra and Borneo. In 2010, Indonesia reported a total population of around 238 million people, and it is estimated that this figure will increase to around 255 million inhabitants by 2015. The biggest cities in Indonesia are its capital Jakarta, Surabaya, and Bandung. Jakarta alone is home to more than 9.6 million inhabitants. Currently, there are more than 7 billion people in the world and Asia is the continent with the largest population. More than 4 billion people lived in Asia in mid-2014. Indonesia is the second most populous country in Asia, behind China (262879) and the fourth most populous nation in the world. As a result of an improving economy and better health and living conditions, life expectancy in Indonesia is steadily increasing - between 2002 and 2012, it increased by almost 3 years (319158). Due of a decreasing fertility rate, Indonesian parents are able to more easily provide for their families and the population is still increasing and living longer. The average age of the population in Indonesia is estimated to be around 28.4 years in 2015. 
 This statistic illustrates the monthly market share of the car manufacturer Nissan in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. The company's market share has gradually decreased from in this time period from 6 percent in December 2016 to 3.6 percent in December 2019. Nissan is one of the leading car manufacturers in the UK. 
 Thomas Cook's revenues rose in 2018 to approximately 9.6 billion British pounds. The Group had responded to customer demand by expanding their summer and winter programs in 2017, helping to increase revenue. However the summer heatwave of 2018 negatively impacted sales towards the end of the fiscal year, resulting in a pre-tax loss of 53 million pounds. The company collapsed in 2019 after failing to secure a government bailout. Why did Thomas Cook collapse? On September 23, 2019, the Thomas Cook Group was forced to cease operations after negotiations to save the holiday travel firm from administration failed, leaving a reported 600,000 customers stranded abroad and thousands of staff without jobs. It is thought that the company succumbed to the same challenging market conditions that led to the collapse of another British airline and travel group, Monarch, in 2017. However Thomas Cook already had it's own problems, as it had suffered from massive debts since forming as a merger between Thomas Cook AG and package holiday operator MyTravel Group plc in 2007. In the intervening years, various mergers and acquisitions had helped Thomas Cook to remain a major player (the brand became the UK’s largest travel agency on the high street following a merger and eventual buyout of Co-operative Travel in the early 2010s). But ultimately its finances could not be saved, as rescue talks to secure the funding needed to prevent them going into liquidation failed. Thomas Cook’s history Prior to its collapse, Thomas Cook was the world’s oldest travel company. Its origins date back to the 19th century, with the founding of the Thomas Cook & Son travel company that originally organized tours from the United Kingdom (UK) to Europe and the United States. The brand’s legacy survived through mergers and acquisitions of other travel companies and airlines, with the Thomas Cook Group forming in 2007. Thomas Cook’s business segments were primarily airline and tour operations, with its main markets in the UK and continental Europe. Thomas Cook Airlines Limited, the UK airline business, reported their revenues separately. 
 Under Armour is an American sporting goods manufacturer, based in Baltimore, Maryland. The company has experienced substantial growth over the past decade, with their global net revenues amounting to approximately 5.27 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. Under Armour had revenues of less than one billion U.S. dollars as recently as 2009. The majority of Under Armour’s sales come from apparel, with the remainder coming from footwear and sporting equipment and accessories. How does Under Armour compare to other companies within the sportswear and sporting goods industry? The global sportswear industry is a lucrative sector, which is forecast to continue to grow in the coming years. Nike and adidas are two of the world's leading athletic apparel companies and their brand values are on another level compared to Under Armour’s. While Under Armour is one of the largest sportswear and sporting goods manufacturers in the world, it is still far behind Nike and adidas who are the dominating companies within this industry. Under Armour has still quite a way to go before it reaches the same heights as Nike and adidas, however if the company maintains its strong levels of growth it may achieve this goal in the future. Puma is possibly a better benchmark of where Under Armour currently is within this industry. 
 In 2018, Austria imported the most firearms into the United States. In that year, they imported 933,574 firearms into the U.S. Brazil, Turkey, Italy, and Germany rounded out the top five firearm importers. Gun market in the U.S. In 2018, over 4.3 million firearms were imported into the United States, the majority of which were handguns, followed closely by shotguns. While the number of imported firearms is significant, it pales in comparison to the number of firearms manufactured in the United States. This figure hovered about three million in 1986, and remained relatively steady until 2007, when it began increasing swiftly. The number of firearms manufactured in the U.S. hit a peak in 2016, with about 11.5 million, and in 2017 stood at 8.3 million. Gun Control Laws in the U.S. Due to the recent increase of mass shootings in the United States, there has been an increased push in Congress to pass stricter gun control laws. The United States faces a high amount of mass shootings each year and Democrats are calling for more background checks and mental health checks. However, the two party system in the U.S. has caused a huge divide on this issue, resulting in a lack of legislation being passed. 
 This statistic shows the largest companies in Finland as of November 2018, by number of employees. At the time, Nokia Oyj was the largest company in Finland, employing a little over 101,700 people. Nokia is a global communications and IT company, largely known of its mobile phones and losing share of the mobile phone market in the beginning of the 21st century. The next largest company in Finland as of 2018 was KONE Oyj with a number of employees of roughly 53,400. The third largest company was the paper pulp and paper manufacturer Stora Enso Oyj employing roughly 26,200 people. This statistic contains several companies that specialise in paper and wood production, metals and metal products, energy as well as shipbuilding. While Finland has a tradition for all these industry areas, looking at the economy as a whole, the Finnish economy has become more dominated by electronics and services. As a result, traditional industries such as the forest industry have declined. Leading brands across all industries in Finland include Fazer, Prisma, Paulig and Fiskars. 
 In 2019, the number of Northrop Grumman employees reached its highest number, since it spunoff its shipbuilding operations in 2006, with around 90,000 people. During 2018, Northrop Grumman obtained Orbital ATK, a current subsidiary of the company, which accounts for the increase in employees between 2017 and 2018. Northrop Grumman company overview Northrop Grumman is a global security and technology company with corporate headquarters in Falls Church, Virginia. There are several subsidiaries of Northrop Grumman including Northrop Grumman Aerospace Systems, Northrop Grumman Innovation Systems and Northrop Grumman Mission Systems with headquarters all over the United States. Given their recent acquisition and diverse subsidiaries, Northrop Grumman’s revenue increased by roughly 12 percent between the 2018 and 2019 fiscal years. Northrop Grumman Corporation is among the leading arms-producing and military companies globally. Military and space technology suppliers Northrop Grumman is among the top 20 NASA contract suppliers with others such as the California Institute of Technology and Boeing Company, to name a few. Globally, these companies are ranked among the world's leading arms suppliers. Lockheed Martin, Boeing and Northrop Grumman are among the top five based on the value of their global arms sales as of 2018. 
 The statistic represents the global number of Bosch employees as of 2018, with a breakdown by region. The Germany-based multinational engineering and electronics company in 2018 employed more than 139,000 in Germany alone. 
 This statistic shows the global business travel spending growth forecast from 2015 to 2020. Global business travel spending was forecasted to increase by 6 percent in 2017 and a further 6.1 percent in 2018. Business travel - additional information Business in the 21st century is no longer limited to a small geographical area, as internet communication and almost universal access to travel and accommodation allow for easy national and transnational movement between companies, their partners, customers, suppliers or distributors. Although multinational corporations and business travel have a long history, they have reached unprecedented levels in the modern era and seem to be growing every year. A recent forecast shows that spending in this market was expected to increase annually between 2015 and 2020. In the year 2014, it was estimated that some 34 percent of worldwide travelers took a business trip in their own country, while 16 percent traveled internationally during the same period. The total business travel market generated sales worth hundreds of billions worldwide in 2016, with almost 284 billion U.S. dollars spent by travelers from the United States alone. Some of the most common reasons for business men and women to travel include visiting other company locations or customers and suppliers, as well as participating in meetings, congresses and exhibitions related to their industry. Additionally, many companies use incentive trips as a way to motivate employees. As a result, within the business travel market, the abbreviation M.I.C.E. stands for the words meetings, incentive, conferences and exhibition. In the United States, the average per diem offered by companies to their employees traveling for work in 2016 amounted to some 322.96 U.S. dollars. According to travel agents, some of the amenities that business travelers look for when preparing their trips are free in-room Wi-Fi connection, free breakfast, room service and staff that can speak their native language, while one of their biggest concerns is having to experience delayed flights. 
 This statistic shows corporate profits in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The corporate profits are defined as the net income of corporations in the National Income and Product Accounts (NIPA). In 2018, corporations in the U.S.A. made profits of around 2.07 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the projected top 20 products for neurology diseases based on revenue in the United States during 2016. In that year, Abilify, an Otsuka product, is expected to generate approximately 322 million U.S. dollars in revenues, a decrease of some 1.7 billion dollars compared to 2014, caused by patent loss. 
 The graph shows the percentage of Hispanic population in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, around 49.1 percent of New Mexico's population was of Hispanic origin. The distribution of the U.S. population by ethnicity can be accessed here. 
 In 2018, no country had a higher foreign direct investment (FDI) position in the United States than the United Kingdom, followed by Canada and Japan. At that time, the UK had over 560 billion U.S. dollars invested in the United States. What is FDI? FDI is an international investment, in this case when a foreign firm or individual invests in a business in the United States. The worldwide value of FDI flows is immense, which is a result of the increasing connectedness of world financial markets. In this statistic, we see countries that are connected to the U.S. for historic and geographic reasons, such as the UK and Canada respectively, investing large sums of money in U.S. enterprises. The countries which received most FDI from the United States in 2017 were the Netherland, UK and Luxembourg. The effects of FDI Foreign direct investment, like any increase in capital, leads to a higher number of jobs. The economy of the target country grows, and the investing country generally earns a good rate of return. Critics of FDI worry that it opens companies to the influence of foreign individuals and firms. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, daily deal and local offer platform Groupon generated global revenues of 612.3 million U.S. dollars. A considerable amount of Groupon's revenue is generated through its mobile platform, where the number of mobile Groupon app downloads worldwide reached 200 million downloads in June 2019. 
 This line graph shows the number of road traffic fatalities per year in Germany between 2006 and 2018. In 2009, 4,152 individuals were killed in motor vehicle accidents. An overall decrease in the number of road deaths was observed within the time period shown. The highest number of road fatalities in this timeframe occurred in 2006, which is the starting date of this statistic.From 2006 to 2017, the number of road traffic fatalities per year in Germany decreased from 5,091 fatalities to 3,180 fatalities. This is a decrease of approximately 38 percent during this time period. From 2010 to 2011 the number of road fatalities in Germany increased again, growing by almost ten percent, from 3,648 fatalities to 4,009 fatalities. The same occurred in 2018, road fatalities increased by almost three percent in comparison with 2017, from 3,180 to 3,275 road fatalities. 
 The statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in India from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, India's real gross domestic product growth was at about 6.81 percent compared to the previous year. Gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in India Recent years have witnessed a shift of economic power and attention to the strengthening economies of the BRIC countries: Brazil, Russia, India, and China. The growth rate of gross domestic product in the BRIC countries is overwhelmingly larger than in traditionally strong economies, such as the United States and Germany. While the United States can claim the title of the largest economy in the world by almost any measure, China nabs the second-largest share of global GDP, with India racing Japan for third-largest position. Despite the world-wide recession in 2008 and 2009, India still managed to record impressive GDP growth rates, especially when most of the world recorded negative growth in at least one of those years. Part of the reason for India’s success is the economic liberalization that started in 1991and encouraged trade subsequently ending some public monopolies. GDP growth has slowed in recent years, due in part to skyrocketing inflation. India’s workforce is expanding in the industry and services sectors, growing partially because of international outsourcing — a profitable venture for the Indian economy. The agriculture sector in India is still a global power, producing more wheat or tea than anyone in the world except for China. However, with the mechanization of a lot of processes and the rapidly growing population, India’s unemployment rate remains relatively high. 
 This statistic shows the average network size of U.S. Facebook users in 2016. Overall, 40.4 percent of Facebook users in the United States had between zero and 200 friends on the social network. A total of 20.8 percent of respondents had more than 500 Facebook friends. 
 This statistic shows the revenue per employee of selected tech companies in 2018. Netflix was the most effective company, generating over 2.22 million U.S. dollars of revenue per employee. Apple ranked in second place with an annual revenue of 2.01 million U.S. dollars per employee. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in the United States from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, there were some 243.6 million social network users in the United States, the equivalent of about three quarters of the country's population. Social media usage accounts for 21.4 percent of total mobile minutes in the United States, a trend that is driven by social media apps and mobile messengers. 
 This statistic shows the most miserable countries in the world as rated according to the misery index for 2018. In 2018, the most miserable country in the world was considered to be Venezuela with a misery index score of 1746439.1. Quality of life around the world The economic indicator, misery index was created by Arthur Okun. The misery index is calculated by adding the unemployment rate to the inflation rate. Another famous tool used for the comparison of countries around the world is the Human Development Index, which ranks countries around the world by level of human development. Indicators for the level of human development include life expectancy at birth, literacy rate, education level and gross national income (GNI) per capita. Economic circumstances also affect life expectancy. Life expectancy in the wealthiest countries is longer than in the poorest areas. With a life expectancy of 84.2 years, Hong Kong leads the ranking of the 20 countries with the highest life expectancy as of 2016. The country with the lowest life expectancy in 2018 is Sierra Leone. People from Sierra Leone are expected to live 51.5 years. To assess the comparative survey on quality of life, the consulting firm Mercer conducted a ranking of quality of life in cities around the world in 2010. That year, Vienna was ranked as the city with the highest quality of life worldwide. The criteria to assess the quality of life for each city includes political, social, economic and environmental aspects, such as personal safety and health, education and transport services and other public services. According to the Economist Intelligence Unit, Harare, the capital of Zimbabwe, leads the ranking of the cities with the lowest quality of life around the world in 2008. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Spain from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Spain was around 30,733.17 U.S. dollars. Spain's struggling economy The Spanish economy is essential for the global market, as it remains one of the largest economies in the world as well as within Europe. The aftermath of the global financial crisis and the Eurozone crisis resulted in an economic collapse, which has yet to be completely resolved by the Spanish government. While unemployment has always been a general weakness for Spain, the occurrence of recent economic disasters has fueled the struggles in the country’s job market, resulting in a decade high unemployment rate. During the prime of both crises, not only millions of workers were laid off, but government spending also reached a new high, considerably exceeding national revenues earned. This not only resulted in further layoffs in the following years, but also burdened the country with almost double the amount of debt. Prior to the crisis, the public already assumed that the Spanish economy would decline, however the public opinion of the situation became conclusive post 2009. The lack of consumer confidence is only further damaging the Spanish economy, as investors have already pulled much capital from the troubled nation and are hesitant to reinvest their money. 
 The statistic shows the countries with the most natural disasters in 2018. In 2018, China suffered 22 natural disasters, the same number as India. 
 Residents of Iceland would have noticed a steep increase in their power bills from 2013 onwards, as electricity prices rose by 38 percent from the first half of 2013 to the second half of 2018. As of the second half of 2018, those receiving an electricity bill in Iceland could expect to pay 14.57 euro cents per kilowatt hour (kWh). Renewable energy in Iceland Iceland has been able to take advantage of their local environment to generate significant amounts of energy from renewable resources. The country had a hydropower capacity of 2,084 megawatts (MW) during 2018 and an onshore wind capacity of 3 MW. In total, Iceland had a renewable capacity of 2,840 MW. Iceland relative to Nordic neighbors (2016 prices) Using the EU average as a benchmark, Iceland emerges as one of the cheapest Nordic nations for electricity consumers, based on 2016 prices. Prices in Iceland were 32 percent below the EU average, lower than any other Nordic country. Denmark was the most expensive, coming in at 27 percent above the EU average. 
 John Stockton is the all-time assists leader of the National Basketball Association with a total of 15,806 assists in his career. The highest ranked player still active in the NBA is Chris Paul of the Houston Rockets, who has a total of 9,523 assists to his name. Basketball legends In basketball, an assist is awarded to the player who passes the ball to a teammate to score. John Stockton, who spent his entire career from 1984 to 2003 as a point guard for the Utah Jazz, is the runaway leader for assists in the NBA. One of the few still active players on the list is LeBron James, who currently stands in eighth place with his 9,199 assists. The basketball legend, who currently plays for the Los Angeles Lakers having moved from the Cleveland Cavaliers in 2014, also sits third on the list of NBA all-time scoring leaders. King of the Playoffs LeBron is the undisputed king of the playoffs, having scored a total of 6,911 in playoff games during his career. In his stints at the Cleveland Cavaliers and Miami Heat, James made the playoffs for 14 straight seasons from 2004/05 to 2017/18. He made a high profile move to the Los Angeles Lakers at the start of the 2018/19 season, but everything did not go quite to plan – James missed the playoffs for the first time since 2005 and failed to reach the NBA Finals for the first time since 2010. Despite disappointment on the court, LeBron’s move was undoubtedly a commercial success for the Lakers – the regular season home attendance went up in the 2018/19 season and the franchise value reached a record 3.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 During the second quarter of 2019, 2.58 percent of global e-commerce website visits were converted into purchases, down from 2.72 percent during preceding quarter. In the United States, online shopper conversion rates amounted to 2.57 percent. Despite mobile commerce catching up in terms of page views and revenue, traditional online shopping visits via PC still hold the top spot for conversions. Online shopper behavior Online shopping has long since established itself as an everyday activity of online life – this holds true for both desktop and mobile. As of the first quarter of 2019, smartphones accounted for 65 percent of retail site visits worldwide but generated only 46 percent of online shopping orders. Based on mobile retail performance growth, it is only a matter of time before mobile overtakes desktop in terms of revenue generation. Due to the effects of smaller screen size, smartphone website visitor engagement has been lagging behind desktop and tablet devices. Retailers and brands have been keen to work around the mobile web’s shortcomings by releasing mobile shopping apps, offering users a more streamlined shopping experience in a controlled environment. Mobile shopping apps are not only used for making a purchase but are also increasingly part of the in-store shopping experience. According to a May 2018 survey, 57 percent of digital buyers in the United States stated that they at least sometimes used a retailer's app to check prices when shopping in that particular retailer's store. In general, mobile devices are a popular tool for in-store price comparisons or looking up further product information. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Green Bay Packers games within the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 122.68 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, there were a total of 303 Leon’s Furniture Limited stores across Canada. One hundred and twenty-nine were in the province of Ontario. Alberta ranked in second place with 61 stores and British Columbia in third with 39 stores in that year. Company origins Leon’s Furniture Limited, originally known as the A. Leon Company, was founded in 1909 in Southern Ontario by Ablan Leon. The retailer began by selling products such as pants, blankets, shoes and linens, and later expanded their offering to larger household items and furniture. In 1969, in order to facilitate expansion, the retailer went public and was listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. A few years later, the company opened the first warehouse showroom, otherwise known as a “big box” store, in all of Canada. Leon’s Furniture Limited today Leon’s Furniture Limited owns four brands: The Brick, Leon’s Furniture, The Brick Outlet and Appliance Canada. In 2018, The Brick was the brand with the most locations - with 202 stores nationwide. Total company revenue has witnessed steady growth in the past years, with revenue reaching around 2.24 billion Canadian dollars in 2018. Retail sales of all furniture stores in Canada amounted to around 11.53 billion Canadian dollars in 2018, showing that Leon’s has a fair share of the total market. 
 Approximately 28.7 million arrivals were recorded at travel accommodation in Greece in 2018. International tourism was the highest contributor, with around two thirds of arrivals in visitor accommodation coming from a foreign country. Greece tourism growth Since 2009 international visitor numbers to Greece have steadily increased. Including both overnight and same-day visitors, figures reached over 30 million by 2017. Greece has long been a popular destination for beach vacations. Situated in southern Europe and spread across hundreds of islands, the region is also a major area for cruise and sea tourism. Tourism’s role in Greek debt crisis recovery Tourism is essential to the Greek economy. It became a lifeline following the government debt crisis that saw the country fall into recession in late 2009, resulting in an emergency bailout from the EU. Although Greece exited the eurozone bailout in 2018, tourism continues to play a role in aiding the country’s ongoing economic recovery. Vacation crowds are still attracted to summer hotspots such as Crete, the Ionian Islands and the South Aegean regions. In 2018, travel and tourism was estimated to have directly contributed 15.1 billion euros to GDP in Greece. 
 With England’s most successful World Cup campaign since 1990, it is somewhat unsurprising that the most viewed TV programs during 2018 included England’s road to the World Cup semifinals against Croatia. A total of 20.7 million UK individuals tuned in to watch Croatia beat England on the 11th of July. Worldwide, a combined viewership of 3.57 billion people watched the Russia World Cup. World Cup games accounted for seven of the top ten most viewed TV programs during 2018. TV audiences UK adults aged over 65 years watched on average almost six hours of television per day, more than three times as much viewed by those aged between 16 and 24 years. The total average time spent watching television in the UK has fallen between 2011 and 2017. The favorite genres of the British public include drama, entertainment and documentaries. Leading stations As of the first quarter of 2019, BBC 1 had a reach of approximately 56 million viewers, over four million more than the next most popular station Channel 4. Unsurprisingly, the British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) had the highest audience share of UK TV broadcasters. 
 This statistic shows butter production of leading selected countries worldwide in 2019. In that year, the European Union as a whole came second, where around 2.43 million metric tons of butter were produced. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Goodlife Fitness Canada company from 2012 to 2014. In 2014, the health club chain is expected to generate a revenue of 559.61 million U.S. dollars. In 2013, the Canada based company operated 307 clubs. 
How much is minimum wage? The federally mandated minimum wage in the United States is 7.25 U.S. dollars per hour, although the minimum wage varies from state to state. As of January 1, 2020, the District of Columbia had the highest minimum wage in the U.S., at 14 U.S. dollars per hour. This was followed by Washington state, which had 13.5 U.S. dollars per hour as the state minimum wage. Minimum wage workers Minimum wage jobs are traditionally seen as “starter jobs” in the U.S., or first jobs for teenagers and young adults, and the number of people working minimum wage jobs has decreased from almost four million in 1979 to about 434,000 in 2018. However, the number of workers earning less than minimum wage in 2018 was significantly higher, at almost 1.3 million. Minimum wage jobs Minimum wage jobs are primarily found in food preparation and serving occupations, as well as sales jobs (primarily in retail). Because minimum wage has not increased with inflation, and because the federal minimum wage has not been raised since 2009, it is becoming harder and harder for minimum wage workers to afford essential things like rent with one minimum wage job. 
 Dollarama Inc. is a Canadian owned retail chain headquartered in Montreal. There were 1,225 Dollarama stores in Canada as of February 2019. Ontario had the highest number of stores per province, 503, and Prince Edward Island had just five. The dollar store market in Canada Dollar stores are retail outlets that offer a wide variety of relatively low-priced items, usually at a single-price point of one dollar. Dollarama is the leading dollar store in Canada based on number of locations; Dollar Tree trails far behind in second place with 224 stores nationwide as of January 2018. Dollarama is subsequently also the most visited dollar store by consumers, with revenues amounting to approximately 3.27 billion Canadian dollars in 2018. The global discounter market Based on revenue, Walmart is the leading discount store company worldwide. Their revenue towers over their competitors, reaching approximately 500.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Costco Wholesale was ranked in second place with a revenue of around 136 billion U.S. dollars. Western Europe accounted for a large proportion of sales of discount stores worldwide in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees at LG Electronics from 2005 to 2015. In 2011, LG Electronics employed 91,254 people worldwide, of which 35,284 were located in South Korea. 
 According to the most recent data gathered in July 2019, the movie with the biggest opening weekend at the North American box office is Marvel creation ‘Avengers: Endgame’, which grossed a record breaking 357.12 million U.S. dollars on its first weekend of screening. ‘Endgame’ was not the only movie from The Avengers series to perform impressively at the box office on its opening weekend. ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ranked second, though its revenue was almost one hundred million U.S. dollars lower, emphasizing how successful ‘Endgame’ really was. Meanwhile, ‘Marvel’s The Avengers’ and ‘Avengers: Age of Ultron’ both generated revenue in the vicinity of 200 million U.S. dollars. Several other movies to make the top fifteen biggest opening weekends were also within the superhero genre. ‘Black Panther’, ‘Iron Man 3’, ‘Captain America: Civil War’, and ‘Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice’ all grossed between 150 and 210 million U.S. dollars on their first weekends, indicating the extent of the rise of superhero movies’ popularity in recent years. The success of the superhero movie The superhero genre is arguably one of the most lucrative in terms of revenue and is one with a wide appeal which generally transcends age and gender. In the United States, more than 60 percent of adults aged between 18 and 54 years old consider themselves fans of superhero movies, and whilst a higher share of men were fans of the genre than women, the differences were almost negligible. That said, a survey revealed that the percentage of adults who had seen a superhero movie in a theater in the past year decreased with age. This implies that younger viewers were keener to see the latest releases in cinemas whereas older fans either watched such movies less, despite being fans, or found other ways to enjoy them outside the movie theater. The combined annual domestic box office revenue of superhero movies was almost 3.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, close to the double the figure recorded in 2016. Revenues within this genre are prone to fluctuation depending on the success of the latest releases but have not dropped below 650 million since 2011 and show no signs of doing so in the future. 
 The statistic shows the value of the baby food market worldwide in 2018 and 2024. In 2018, the global baby food market was valued at approximately 71.4 billion U.S. dollars. Baby food The global baby food market comprises foods intended for the special nutrition of babies and infants. The largest single categories on the baby food market are baby formula, dried baby food, and prepared baby food. Baby foods are usually divided into different stages so that they are suitable for each phase of the child’s individual development. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recommends breast milk as the ideal food to meet a baby’s needs in the first stages right after birth. If breastfeeding is not an option, parents have the possibility of using baby formulas. Those are available as powdered and ready-to-drink baby formula. After a couple of months more and more solid foods as type of purees or strained foods are introduced into the baby’s meal plan until the child is ready, usually by the age of one year, for the introduction of family table food. Consumers can decide if they want to make the purees and strained foods at home or if they buy them already prepared at a retail store. The baby food market in the United States is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration. Leading baby food brands include Gerber, Beech-Nut and Plum Organics. Gerber is now a subsidiary of the largest global food company Nestlé S.A. which has headquarters in Vevey, Switzerland. Recent trends show that baby food manufacturers have expanded their product portfolio by launching additional toddler foods which are intended for toddlers from about twelve months to two or three years. 
 American appliance manufacturer Whirlpool brought in over 21 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2019, marking five consecutive years of total sales in excess of 20 billion dollars. Likely due to the global recession, the company experienced a significant drop in revenue in 2009 but has since recovered with steady yearly growth. Whirlpool Whirlpool is one of the most well-known names in the American consumer appliances industry, with Maytag, KitchenAid, Jenn-Air and many other successful brand names falling under the company’s umbrella. Its biggest product segments are laundry and refrigeration, each of which make up around 30 percent of overall revenue. The company has traditionally been most successful in its domestic U.S. market, but conducts significant business in both Latin America and Europe. Household appliance industry The global household appliances market is highly competitive, with Chinese manufacturing giants Midea Group, Gree Electric, and Qingdao Haier leading the way in terms of sales. Given the massive appeal of appliances like refrigerators and ovens, there is space in the industry for many highly successful brands and manufacturers. The biggest non-Chinese brands are Electrolux and Whirlpool, which bring in a combined 35 billion dollars in sales each year. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in the Philippines from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in the Philippines was at about 22.5 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic ranks countries worldwide according to how many casinos they had in 2011. There were 1,511 casinos in the United States. 
 Since 2010, the household price of electricity in Poland has seen little change, increasing from 13.41 euro cents per kilowatt-hour to 13.43 euro cents in the first semester of 2019. Looking at the figures, it can be seen that on average prices were cheaper in the second half of each year. A noticeable exception was in the second half of 2012, when prices increased by 1.11 euro cents compared the first half of the year. This was the peak price during the period of consideration. Price comparisons Compared to the rest of Europe, Polish households pay a reasonably low amount for electricity. In 2018, the price per kilowatt-hour reached 0.16 U.S. dollars. This was considerably less than neighboring Germany, where prices amounted to 0.33 U.S. dollars per kilowatt-hour. Electricity production The vast majority of electricity in Poland is produced by the burning of coal, with a share of almost 80 percent. Of this total, slightly under 50 percent was produced by hard coal. Due to its reliance on fossil fuels for energy, pollution is high in Poland. The country is home to 36 of the 50 most polluted European cities. One of the biggest polluters in Europe is the Bełchatów coal power plant, which emitted 38.2 megatons of CO2 equivalent in 2018. 
 Journalism may not be considered the most dangerous profession in the world, but with the number of journalists killed worldwide in 2018 amounting to a total of 80, the risks for those entering into certain segments of the industry are clear. After 64 journalists were killed in 1995, thankfully the number dropped sharply and remained below 40 until 2003, before increasing again to 88 four years later. Journalist killings remained above 50 for several years, but 2019 saw the lowest number of journalists killed since 2003. The countries where the most journalists were killed in 2019 were Syria and Mexico, with ten journalists killed in each. The perils of being a journalist: global insights In 2018, 251 journalists were imprisoned worldwide, the number of arrests made on journalists amounted to almost 350 and 60 journalists were kidnapped. Journalists have been captured and detained as punishment for criticizing a political regime or a religious ideology, persecuted for insulting those in positions of power, hunted down for images they published and shot dead simply because they were in the wrong place at the wrong time. One of the riskiest countries for journalists is Mexico, where nine journalists were murdered in 2018. Journalists in Mexico are frequently placed under surveillance, threatened and fatally punished for attempting to expose or publicize political corruption, and despite the country being war-free, Mexico remains the deadliest country for journalists in the world. 
 During the fourth quarter of 2019, Amazon generated total net sales of almost 87.44 billion U.S. dollars, up from 69.98 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding quarter. The majority of Amazon revenues were via net product sales. Amazon – additional information Launched in 1995 in the United States as an online bookshop, Amazon has grown into an international e-commerce company with separate retail websites in North America for the United States and Canada. In Europe, the United Kingdom, France, Germany, Italy and Spain all have their own Amazon sites, as do Australia, Brazil, Japan, China, India and Mexico. As a result Amazon’s audience reach in selected global markets is substantial. As of the second quarter in 2016, 82 percent of internet users in the United Kingdom had accessed Amazon’s e-retailing services in the past month. The United Kingdom has the second-highest share of any other market worldwide. Ahead of the United Kingdom came India with a 89 percent share of internet users. The United States ranked fourth with an Amazon market reach of 81 percent of online users. As of October 2018, Amazon.com had generated over 2.4 billion website visits across all devices. Desktop computers and laptops still remain the most popular purchase channels for U.S. Amazon buyers but considering the growth of mobile shopping, mobile Amazon shopping is set to overtake the traditional desktop purchase route. 
 This statistic presents the annual revenue of WhatsApp from 2012 to the first half of 2014. In the most recently reported period, the chat app's revenue amounted to 15.29 million U.S. dollars, up from 10.21 million U.S. dollars for the preceding fiscal year. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Fairtrade International products worldwide from 2004 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue generated from Fairtrade International products worldwide amounted to about 9.8 billion euros. When it comes to sustainable development, trade can be the best of servants, but the worst of masters. This is why Fairtrade works within the market, to change the market. Since its beginning, Fairtrade has grown to represent over 1.65 million of these farmers and workers, most recently embracing those who work in the tough conditions of artisanal mining. Producers now co-own the Fairtrade system, shaping global strategy and running operations across three continents. 
 This graph shows the monthly United Kingdom (UK) market share values for Ford between July 2016 and December 2019. Ford held a market share of 10.1 percent as of December 2019. The company's market share had a range between 8.9 and 14.91 percent in the period of consideration, meaning it consistently controlled a high portion of the UK car market. Ford maintained its position as one of the leading car brands in the UK. 
 This statistic presents the total assets of the British bank HSBC from 2007 to 2019. In 2019, the total assets of the HSBC bank reached 2.72 trillion U.S. dollars. HSBC - additional information HSBC Holdings plc is a British multinational bank and financial services organization based in London, United Kingdom. The company is a parent of the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, which was founded by Scotsman Sir Thomas Sutherland in 1865. Due to its history, HSBC sees both the Hong Kong and United Kingdom as its home markets and has a dual primary listing on both London and Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The holding company is also counted among the largest banks in the world based on market capitalization, with a total market cap of 169 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. HSBC was listed as one of the most valuable banking brands worldwide, as well as in the United States and the United Kingdom. 
 Glacier National Park in the United States attracted a total of approximately 3.05 million visitors in 2019, down from its visitation peak of 3.31 million in 2017. A park uniting nations Glacier National Park’s name derived from the many glaciers that shaped its topography for over two million years. Located in Montana on the Canada-U.S. border, Glacier National Park is the second half of the Glacier-Waterton International Peace Park, the first half being Waterton Lakes National Park in Canada. The park is governed, protected and presented by both the Parks Canada Agency and U.S. National Park Service. In 2018, there were nearly 86 million visitors to national parks in the United States . Comparatively, a total of around 16 million people visited a national park in Canada in the fiscal year 2018/19. North America’s most visited National ParksBanff National Park in the province of Alberta was the most visited national park in Canada in 2018 with over four million visitors, followed by neighboring Jasper National Park, which had nearly two and a half million visitors. In the U.S., the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in North Carolina and Tennessee was the most visited National Park, attracting over 11 million visitors in the same year. 
 Petcare is one of UK’s many thriving industries where consistent growth is happening year-on-year. The most recent figures published by the Office for National Statistics revealed that expenditure on pets and related products reached an annual value of 4.94 million British pounds in 2018, representing an increase of about 3 million British pounds since 2009. Dogs are UK households’ best friend The United Kingdom is host to over 50 million pets, although this number signifies a considerable drop since 2013 when the pet population in the UK peaked at 73 million. The nation’s most popular pets were dogs with about a quarter of households owning a pet dog in 2018. Pet care With such affection towards pets also comes the need to care for them. Indeed, over the last decade, spending on veterinary services in the UK rose tremendously, particularly in 2018 when veterinary and other pet care related services reached over 5 million British pounds. British pet owners seem to be aware of the cost of keeping and maintaining pets, though. In a 2016 survey, the majority of owners named a sum over 1,000 British pounds as the estimated lifetime cost of keeping a pet. 
 This statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) of the MENA countries in 2018. The MENA region in North Africa and the Middle East comprises the countries Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. In 2018, GDP of Algeria amounted to approximately 173.76 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph shows quarterly data regarding the number of daily active Zynga games users. In the third quarter of 2019, Zynga had 20 million of such gamers. In the second quarter of 2012, Zynga hit 72 million daily active users. That was an unprecedented result following only a relatively short period of growth. In the next quarter, the figure fell to 60 million and the negative trend persisted until the third quarter of 2015. If the number of Zynga’s monthly active users is considered, the development is very similar. In this case however, the record number was achieved in the third, not second quarter of 2012. 
 This graph depicts the estimated revenue from regular season ticketing as percentage of total revenue of Major League Baseball (MLB) from 2009 to 2017. In 2017, about 29.84 percent of total league revenue, which amounted to around 9.46 billion U.S. dollars in 2017, was generated through gate receipts. 
 In 2018, foreign direct investment (FDI) from the United States to other countries amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars. Foreign direct investment reflects the ownership of business from one country in another country. It differs from a traditional investment in companies located abroad by the ownership factor in case of FDI. Why is FDI important? FDI has influences in the sending and receiving countries. In the recipient countries, FDI can be an important source of capital that might not otherwise be available. This is particularly true in less developed countries, such as in Africa. The countries which received the largest amount of foreign direct investment from the United States in 2017 were the Netherlands, the United Kingdom and Luxembourg. FDI flows to the United States On the other hand, the countries, which sent the most FDI to the United States in 2017 were the United Kingdom, Japan and Canada. There were about 7.6 million jobs offered in the U.S. due to foreign direct investments as of 2016. 
 This statistic displays the number of people employed by the John Lewis Partnership plc in the United Kingdom (UK), as of the end of financial years 2009 to 2019. In the year ending January 2019, the partnership had 83,900 employees, including those working as part of the John Lewis department store and Waitrose grocery store operations. There has been an overall decrease in the company's employee count since 2015, with a loss of more than eight thousand employees. The John Lewis Partnership is a British retailer, which operates the John Lewis department stores and Waitrose supermarkets, as well as its own banking and financial services and online retail sites (johnlewis.com, waitrose.com). The company uses an employee-owned business model, where its employees - known as Partners - are influential in running the business and are given a share of the annual profits. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Cleveland Browns from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Cleveland Browns was 67,431. 
 The statistic depicts Mexico's gross domestic product (GDP) per capita from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator for the economic strength of a country. In 2018, Mexico's GDP per capita amounted to approximately 9,796.98 U.S. dollars. For further information, see Mexico's GDP. Economy of Mexico Mexico is the third largest economy in North America and is swiftly becoming a modernized nation with more industrial and service sectors to maintain and promote economic growth nationwide. Mexico is primarily an export-oriented economy and has seen constant growth in regards to the export of goods every year over the past decade, with the exception of 2009. Mexico is also considered to be one of the premier exporters in the world, exporting more goods and services than other export-prominent countries such as Saudi Arabia and India. Like many other industrial countries worldwide, Mexico experienced an economic downturn during the global financial crisis. Several indicators of Mexico’s economic slump would be a spike in unemployment as well as a significant drop in GDP in 2009. Additionally, inflation rates slightly increased over the course of 2 years. However, Mexico’s economy evidently recovered, in particular with its inflation rate, which reached a decade low, as well as its gross domestic product per capita, which attained decade high values, both in 2014. 
 The statistic contains data on the collective time Pandora's users spent using its services in the fiscal periods from February 2008 to December 2017. In the fiscal year ending in December 2017, users listened to an aggregate amount of 20.61 billion hours of streamed music via Pandora. In 2017, 32 percent of consumers in the United States stated that they had used the service in the last month and a further 23 percent had used it in the last week. Pandora and the global online music streaming industry Pandora is the leading online radio company in the United States, constantly averaging well over two million average active sessions. As of the end of 2016, the internet streaming service had 81 million active users in the United States, up from less than 30 million in 2011. Another contributing factor to Pandora’s success in the recent past was the increase in the amount of time consumers in the U.S. spent listening to online radio. In 2009, people spent an average of 391 minutes per week listening to online radio, an amount which had more than doubled to 879 minutes per week by 2017. Online radio allows users to listen to music on a wide variety of digital devices, making it easily accessible. However, one of the main ways that streaming companies make money is through advertisers, allowing companies to reach their consumers wherever they are. In 2016, Pandora's advertising revenue exceeded one billion U.S. dollars for the first time, a massive increase from the advertising revenue of less than 500 million U.S. dollars in 2013. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Romania from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Romania's real gross domestic product increased by around 4.1 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This timeline shows the total milk retail sales in the United States from 2005 to 2018. In 2010, total milk sales amounted to about 54.3 billion pounds. 
 This statistic represents the countries with the most prisoners per 100,000 inhabitants, as of July 4, 2019. The United States had the highest prisoner rate, with 655 prisoners per 100,000 of the national population. Prisoners in the United States As the statistic above illustrates, the United States has one of the highest rates of incarceration in the world. With 655 inmates per 100 thousand of population, the U.S. is by far the leader among large industrialized nations in incarceration. Russia comes closest at 381. Not only is the U.S. among the leading countries worldwide in incarcerations per 100 thousand of population, but it was also home to the largest total number of prisoners in 2019. Roughly 2.12 million people were incarcerated in the United States in 2019. China’s estimated prison population totaled to 1.65 million people that year. Other nations with population sizes comparable to the United States have far fewer prisoners. A significant portion of U.S. prisoners in federal correctional facilities were of black or African-American origin. As of 2016, there were almost 420,000 black, non-Hispanic prisoners. They made up 38 percent of all incarcerated persons in the U.S, but accounted for only 12 percent of the total U.S. population. About 190,000 prisoners in state facilities were sentenced for drug-related offenses, accounting for roughly 14.8 percent of all state prisoners in the U.S. Drug-related offenses, such as trafficking and possession, were the most common cause of imprisonment in state prisons. Second most common were felonies, such as murder and robbery, at 14.2 and 13.2 percent respectively. 
 In 2020, the price of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil is expected to reach 59.25 U.S. dollars per barrel, a slight increase from the year before. Also known as Texas light sweet, WTI has both low density (“light”) and low sulfur content (“sweet), especially compared to other benchmark crude oils. What are benchmark crudes? West Texas Intermediate is often used as a price reference point called a benchmark (or ”marker”) crude. This category includes Brent crude from the North Sea, Dubai Crude as well as blends in the OPEC Reference Basket. WTI, Brent, and the OPEC Basket have tended to trade closely, but since 2011, UK Brent has been selling at a higher spot price than WTI, largely due to increased oil production in the United States. What causes price volatility? In 2008, the average price of WTI peaked during the global financial crisis before dropping significantly in the next year. The prices of WTI followed a similar pattern when they surged in the years leading up to 2014, and then abruptly fell again. Between 2008 and 2014, the U.S. oil industry developed more economically viable methods to extract shale oil domestically, creating an oversupply known as the 2010s oil glut. 
 The timeline shows the annual revenue of the Match Group from 2012 to 2019. In the last reported year, the Match Group's dating revenue amounted to 2.05 billion U.S. dollars. Up until early 2020, the Match Group belongs to IAC and includes online dating platforms such as the eponymous Match.com, OkCupid, Tinder, PlentyofFish and others. 
 The statistic above presents circulation data of daily newspapers in the United States from 1985 to 2018. Circulation numbers peaked in 1987 when they amounted to over 62.82 million. In 2018, the paid circulation of daily newspapers was 28.6 million. Paid circulation of US daily newspapers Since the beginning of the 21st century, the newspaper industry has felt vast repercussions from the transition to the digital information and technology economy. While the number of subscribers and overall circulation has always been important for newspaper publishers, for much of their history they have been supported primarily through their advertising revenues and despite increasing advertising trends overall, they have largely been unable to capitalize on the continued ad spend growth. Advertising spending has tended to shy away from heavy investments in print advertising. The New York Times is one of America's biggest newspapers and, despite the decline of the print newspaper industry, the paper has maintained a paid Sunday circulation of over one million copies. As a result, the company's circulation revenue has, despite the bleak outlook of the market, actually increased in recent years, reaching 880 million U.S. dollars in 2016. The New York Times Company recognized the important of the growing digital market and, as a result, the company's digital only news product remains one of its most important segments. As of the end of 2016, this product had over 1.6 million subscribers, a large increase from the 800 thousand subscribers at the start of 2014. 
 This statistic illustrates a the number of housing transactions in the United Kingdom (UK) forecasted from 2018 to 2022. According to the figures as of 2018, it can be seen that the number of housing transactions was forecasted to increase from approximately 1.18 million in 2018 to a total of 1.3 million by the year 2022. These figures would lead to an average of 1.21 million transactions per annum between the years 2018 and 2022. This increase in number of housing transactions can be somewhat related to the expected forecasted growth in housing completions in the United Kingdom (UK). It could be speculated that the larger number of housing completions could in turn lead to the higher availability and choice of property units offered for purchase, and as such could lead to lowering of house prices. This consequently could have an effect on the potential increase in the total number of housing transactions conducted on the British market. 
 This statistic shows the total population of South Africa from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of South Africa was at approximately 57.94 million inhabitants. 
 The statistic depicts the average TV ratings of Stanley Cup games in the United States from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average TV rating was at 3 in the United States. 
 The statistic shows the number of deaths in Iraq due to terrorism between year 2006 and 2018. In 2018, around 1,520 people were killed by terrorists in Iraq. Iraq suffered the sixth-highest number people killed by terrorist attacks and the second-most attacks in 2018. 
 This graph shows the results of the Happy Planet Index's ranking of the happiest and most environmentally sustainable countries in the world. The Happy Planet Index measures life expectancy, experienced well-being, inequality of outcomes, and ecological footprint in order to determine the countries that are able to deliver the longest and happiest, but also most sustainable lives to their residents. The Index works to measure efficiency by ranking countries relative to how they offer their people long and happy lives, for each unit of environmental output. In 2016, Costa Rica was ranked as the "happiest" country with a HPI score of 44.7. 
 This statistic shows the most common complaints of hotel guests from the United States as of March 2015. During the survey, 65 percent of the respondents were most aggravated by the noise from other hotel guests. The average daily rate of hotels in the United States was 123.97 U.S. dollars in 2016, a figure which has grown annually since 2009. The hotel occupancy rate in the U.S. is highest in the month of July, and lowest in the winter months of December and January. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Atlanta Falcons from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Atlanta Falcons was 71,601. 
 Sears Holdings generated a global revenue amounting to about 16.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. The company’s revenues have steadily declined since 2006, when the company had a revenue of over 53 billion U.S. dollars. Sears Holdings is an American retailer, which operates through two main business segments, Kmart and Sears. Even though the company’s revenues have declined substantially in recent years, Sears remains one of the leading retailers in the United States. What is the Sears Holdings Corporation made up of? Sears Holdings run Kmart and Sears Domestic stores around the world, however, most of the corporation’s business takes place in its domestic market of the United States. Sears, Roebuck and Company, more commonly known as Sears or Sears Domestic, is a chain of department stores founded by Richard Warren Sears and Alvah Curtis Roebuck in 1893. Kmart is an American big box department store chain which was incorporated in 1899 as S. S. Kresge Corporation, and later renamed to Kmart Corporation in 1977. Both stores offer a wide variety of consumer goods, such as consumer electronics, apparel, sporting goods, and outdoor products. Sears Holdings has a significant number of Kmart and Sears Domestic stores in operation around the world.Where does Sears Holdings’ revenue come from? Sears Holdings sells a wide range of goods in retail stores and online. The majority of Sears’ sales come from hardlines, such as appliances and consumer electronics. Although the company generates billions of U.S. dollars in annual revenue, it has suffered a net loss from operations in each of the past years. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Ireland from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Irish population was 36.5 years. 
 The statistic shows the market share of soft drink companies in South Africa in 2010, based on sales value. In that year, Coca Cola's market share in South Africa amounted to 49.8 percent. The leading 3 soft drink companies in South Africa had a market share of 64.7 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Kansas City Chiefs from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Kansas City Chiefs was 73,465. 
 This statistic represents the world's leading container ship operators as of March 2, 2020, based on the number of ships in their order books. In March 2020, Evergreen Line had 66 ships in its order book. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Pittsburgh Steelers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 104.60 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the degree of Internet freedom in selected countries worldwide. According to the Freedom House Index, China occupied the last place in internet freedom with 10 index points in 2019. Estonia and Iceland were ranked first and second with 95 and 94 out of 100 index points respectively. 
 This statistic gives information on Taobao's total gross merchandise volume from the second quarter of 2011 to the second quarter of 2016. As of the last reported quarter, the website's total GMV amounted to 508 billion yuan. Taobao belongs to Alibaba, one of the leading e-commerce companies in China and worldwide. During the fourth quarter of 2016, Alibaba had 443 million active buyers across its Chinese e-commerce properties that include Taobao, Tmall and Juhuasuan. During the fiscal year 2016, the annual revenue of the Alibaba Group amounted to 101.14 billion yuan. This translates to approximately 15.69 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic represents the U.S. domestic market share of leading airlines from December 2018 to November 2019. During this time period, American Airlines was the leading airline in the U.S., with a domestic market share of 17.6 percent, followed closely by Southwest Airlines. U.S. airlines' domestic market share The passenger air transportation market is a thriving industry, taking individuals to locations around the globe. American Airlines was the largest airline in the world based on sales, reaching 44.9 billion U.S. dollars in sales revenue in 2018. Passenger airlines can face much scrutiny for their passenger satisfaction and comfort. A 2019 North American Airline Satisfaction Study by J.D. Power & Associates listed Alaska Airlines and Delta Air Lines as the best traditional carriers for satisfaction, while low-cost airline Southwest Airlines earned the top spot of low-cost carriers tested in the study. United Airlines, Delta Air Lines, American Airlines and Southwest Airlines are the top ranked airlines based on 2018 domestic market share. Delta operates out of Atlanta, and Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport, Delta’s hub, sees the most passenger traffic in the United States. At 330.58 billion, American Airlines boasted the most passenger kilometers flown in 2018. Chicago-headquartered United Airlines is a subsidiary of United Continental Holdings. United has flights to 238 domestic destinations and 60 different countries, the George Bush Intercontinental Airport in Houston being its largest passenger hub with over 40 million passengers every year. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Spain from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Spain was 14.7 percent. Today, Spain has the second-highest unemployment rate of all EU states. 
 The statistic shows Toyota's share of new car registrations in the EU between August 2018 and December 2019. In December 2019, Toyota's share of new car registrations in the EU dropped slightly but stood around 4% percent. Toyota-branded vehicles are sold by the Toyota Motor Corporation, which is ranked among the largest automobile manufacturers in the world. Toyota's global passenger car sales came to around 10.6 million vehicles in the fiscal year of 2019. 
 This graph shows the reported motor vehicle theft rate in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the nationwide rate was 228.9 cases per 100,000 population. 
 This statistic shows a timeline with the amount of monthly active international Twitter users as of the first quarter of 2019. Excluding the United States, the number of monthly active international Twitter users amounted to 262 million as of the most recent quarter. In total, Twitter had 330 million global monthly active users. 
 A July 2017 survey of U.S. adults found that approximately 13 percent of American men and seven percent of American women currently smoke marijuana. Impact of Legalizing Cannabis in the U.S. Since Washington and Colorado legalized recreational marijuana in 2012, several more states have followed suit. The tax revenue for medical and recreational cannabis in the United States amounted to 610 million U.S. dollars in 2017 and is expected to reach 1.8 billion U.S. dollars by 2020. The increase in marijuana production and retail also has the potential to create over 283 thousand jobs in the United States by 2020. Marijuana Consumption Methods Since legalization, there has been an explosion in the variety of marijuana consumption methods available. Though most marijuana consumers still seem to prefer flowers, or raw plant matter, 15.5 percent of the market is attributed to sales of edible cannabis products. In Colorado, volume sales of adult use marijuana-infused edibles were considerably higher during the summer months, at 918 thousand units in July 2017 alone. 
 This statistic shows the number of passenger vehicles imported into the United States in 2012, with a breakdown by country. U.S. imports of passenger vehicles from Korea stood at around 1.03 million units in 2012. 
 Video gaming giant, Electronic Arts, generated net revenue of over one billion U.S. dollars in its 2019 fiscal year. While this marks a slight decrease on the revenue from the previous year, it still depicts a positive overall trend considering the company recorded net losses between 2008 and 2011. EA revenue Founded in 1982, EA was one of the first companies to explore the idea of home computer games and, in the ensuing decades, has been responsible for legendary game franchises such as FIFA, Madden NFL, and The Sims. The company generated net revenue of 4.95 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, over two million U.S. dollars of which was generated in North America. Given that EA is known for its wide range of console games, it is no surprise that the company generates most of its revenue from console gaming – approximately 3.33 billion U.S. dollars of revenue was generated in this segment in 2019, whilst all of the other segments generated less than 1.7 billion U.S. dollars combined. However, in the age of mobile gaming where people want to play games wherever and whenever, EA has seen its mobile revenue more than double since 2014. EA’s future Despite its reputation as a gaming giant, EA cannot afford to rest on its laurels with so many other players entering the gaming world. The company spent 702 million U.S. dollars on marketing and sales expenditures in 2019, marking a slight increase on the previous year’s figure. With future releases including the new editions of the FIFA and Madden series, as well as a new Star Wars game emerging in late 2019, the next few years look to be vital in determining EA’s future success. 
Honda sold 2,796 cars in the United Kingdom (UK) in December 2019. The year as whole proved to be quite difficult for Honda's unit sales which were down about 16.5 percent compared to 2018. The busiest time of the year tended to be March and September, as those are the months when the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency distribute new registration plates. Worldwide sales Honda had sold around 5.3 million cars worldwide in its 2019 fiscal year. This was very close to double the number at the beginning of the reporting period in 2002 and the highest number sold in any year. Honda to leave European production market At the beginning of 2019, Honda announced that it would close its Swindon located production plant, thus exiting the European manufacturing market. In 2018, it had produced 160,676 cars in its United Kingdom based plant. 
 The statistic shows Dallas Cowboys players with the most touchdowns scored in franchise history. Emmitt Smith is the career touchdown leader of the Dallas Cowboys with 164 touchdowns. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in France from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, about 80.44 percent of the total population in France lived in cities. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the San Francisco 49ers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the San Francisco 49ers was 70,305. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2017, it is projected that more than 21.5 million digital televisions would be shipped in the United States alone. Digital television shipments have remained relatively stable over the measured period, with total shipment figures peaking around the fourth quarter or holiday season each year. From a worldwide perspective, hundreds of millions of individual televisions are sold each year. TV industry Despite the growing popularity of alternative consumer electronic devices such as smartphones and tablets, the television market has continued to grow. In fact, the total number of TV households around the world reached an all-time high in 2017, growing by hundreds of millions of households since 2010. Although the technology is extremely popular in the US, the biggest market for television sales is Asia, which accounts for over one third of all tv sales. In terms of revenues, annual television industry figures continue to consistently eclipse 100 billion U.S. dollars. The television remains an important and widely used consumer electronic around the world and innovations in terms of screen resolution, internet connectivity, and application compatibility help to ensure the technology’s continuing relevance. 
 This statistic presents the visitor market share of the most popular online marketplaces in the United States as of the fourth quarter of 2018. During the measured period, Amazon accounted for 56.1 percent of the segment's traffic. 
 This timeline depicts pharmacy and drug store sales in the United States from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, U.S. pharmacy and drug store sales amounted to about 285.87 billion U.S. dollars.U.S. Pharmacies and Drug Stores IndustryThe retail drug industry is comprised of pharmacies or drugstores, as they are known in North America. With an aging population and greater prevalence of chronic diseases, the need for safe, legal pharmaceutical drugs is constantly rising.Pharmacies and drug stores dispense prescription medications and over-the-counter drugs directly to patients. However, their role is more than one of simple distribution as they dispense medication in specific doses, adhere to optimal conditions of storage and give valuable advice to patients. Pharmacies practice in a wide range of locations such as communities, hospitals, clinics and nursing homes. Other drug retail outlets include supermarkets, and independent and online pharmacies, which offer mail-order drugs to patients, proving especially convenient for those that may be unable to leave their homes. Apart from selling drugs, miscellaneous products also account for a percentage of sales for these retail outlets, such as cosmetics and confectioneries.The retail drug store industry employs many different types of workers. Each store has a manager, along with department managers or assistant managers to handle additional administrative duties. Sales associates are generally entry-level retail workers. Pharmacists require a specialized degree and licensing to dispense medication. 
 In the United States, over a quarter of hospice patients receive service for just a week or less. Hospice care involves caring for those who are terminally ill. Such care usually does not include treatment but focuses instead on making the end of life as comfortable as possible. Hospice teams can include nurses, home health aides, social workers and physicians. Hospice providers Hospice care can be provided at the patient’s home or in a facility, such as a nursing home, hospital or hospice care center. In 2017, there were around 4,515 hospice providers in the United States. Most hospice agencies are freestanding independent hospices, while a much smaller portion are part of a hospital system or part of a home health agency. Hospice patients In 2017, there were around 1.5 million hospice patients in the U.S. Females account for a larger portion of hospice patients than males and unsurprisingly, the majority of hospice patients are older than 84 years. Most hospice patients are at home at the time of their death.
 Dolce & Gabbana is a luxury Italian fashion house founded in a small town cose to Milan in 1985 by the two Italian designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana. This timeline illustrates the turrnover of the Italian luxury fashion company Dolce & Gabbana between 2011 and 2018. In 2018, the total turnover of Dolce & Gabbana amounted to over 888 million euros, a decrease compared to the previous year. It is worth to be noticed that Dolce & Gabbana S.r.l. is a listed company part of two macro fashion groups. The first is Top15Moda which indicates the 15 major fashion companies with registered office in Italy in term of revenues. Some are worth to be mentioned as Armani, Dolce & Gabbana, Ferragamo, Max Mara, OTB-Diesel, Tod’s Della Valle, Prada and Valentino FG and Zegna. The second one is Aziende Moda Italia (AMI) which includes the 143 most important companies with registered office in Italy (it also includes the Top15Moda). Among these 143 companies, 127 are manufacturing companies while 16 pertain to the retail sale market. 
 This statistic depicts the revenue of the leading 25 apparel suppliers in North America in 2014. In that year, alphabroder (Ash City) was the leading apparel supplier in the North America with a revenue that amounted to about 815 million U.S. dollars. The apparel manufacturing industry in the United States employed about 87,242 people in 2015; which in retrospect seems quite minuscule for being the largest global apparel market. However, one must remember that even though the majority of these apparel conglomerates are American based, many of them have their manufacturing plants in Asia. In 2015, the United States imported close to 88 billion U.S. dollars worth of apparel. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Malaysia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Malaysia's gross domestic product amounted to around 358.58 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the annual per capita water abstractions in selected countries in 2017, or the latest year available. Canada reported water consumption levels of 883.5 cubic meters per capita. Water consumption per person About 70 percent of the planet’s surface is covered with water. Without it, life on earth would be impossible. Yet, less than one percent of the planet’s total water resources can be classified as accessible freshwater resources. Hence, although water is virtually abundant, as much as two-thirds of the global population may live in regions with limited access to freshwater resources by 2050, as the world’s population is predicted to grow to reach 11.2 billion people by 2100. While population levels are expected to increase at the fastest rate in emerging regions, water shortages will also be felt in industrialized countries - including the United States - where droughts and other weather-related catastrophes are set to become more frequent over the coming decades. By 2050, industrial demand for water is expected to put enormous pressure on freshwater accessibility, thus shortening the amount of clean water available for agricultural and domestic uses. Since water is becoming increasingly scarce, the amount of water that is currently consumed per person in countries such as the United States can no longer be deemed acceptable. It is estimated that Americans use about 1,207 cubic meters of water every year. The U.S. is ranked among the leading water guzzlers worldwide. In order to prevent severe droughts in water-stressed areas today and in the future, a more efficient use of water is essential. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of the United States from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The amount of the debt of the United States amounted to around 21.46 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. National debt of the United States National debt in the United States is a topic of much debate and controversy, primarily due to large amounts of unnecessary spending. Despite the fact that the United States had the highest gross domestic product (GDP) in the world in 2016, along with being one of the most developed powerhouses in the world, the country suffers in many economical aspects. When analyzing the country’s imports and exports, the United States has recorded a trade deficit for more than a decade as of 2015, meaning that its imports exceeded its exports every year. However, despite being significantly affected by the world economic crisis in 2008, the country’s trade balance noticeably improved in 2009, almost halving the country’s total trade deficit. An economical aspect that did not improve during the world economic crisis was the country’s unemployment rate. The number of unemployed in the United States increased greatly in 2009 and continued to rise in 2010, however finally stabilized in the following years and has since declined yearly. When considering the total population of the United States, which amounted to roughly 322 million in 2015, a large percentage of citizens, who are capable of work, have been left without a job for roughly 7 years. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in the Netherlands from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in the Netherlands was around 914.52 billion U.S. dollars. Economy of the Netherlands As of 2014, the Netherlands have maintained a relatively stable gross domestic product (GDP), after experiencing a drop off in 2009. GDP per capita also followed a similar trend, reaching a decade high in 2008, before dwindling due to the global economic crisis. GDP per capita is useful when comparing economical situations of different countries and often illustrates each country’s productivity as well as the standard of living. In 2014, the Netherlands sufficient economic performance earned them a spot as one of the top 20 countries with the highest GDP per capita. From an employment standpoint, the Netherlands maintained a low unemployment rate, with its percentage hovering roughly around 5 percent or lower. In 2008, the Netherlands had its lowest unemployment rate over a 10 year span from 2004 to 2014; however like with many other countries around the world, the financial crisis had a negative affect on work opportunities around the country, causing considerable unemployment spikes in the following years. 
 In the past 20 years, golf has been gaining popularity in Europe. In 1990, there were 1.71 million registered golfers in Europe, whereas in 2018, there were approximately 4.11 million registered golfers. Golf participation peaked in 2010, when 4.44 million people were registered. The rise in golf popularity was accompanied with a rise in the number of golf courses in Europe Between 1985 and 2014, the number of official golf courses increased from approximately three thousand to seven thousand, after which it experienced a slight decline. As of 2017, England is the leader with 1.87 thousand official golf courses followed by Germany and France with respectively 731 and 602 registered golf courses. Spain and Portugal most popular non-domestic golfing holiday destinations for golfers from Great Britain and Ireland. Approximately one third of the golfers in Ireland and Great Britain, who play at least ten times a year, went on a golfing holiday in Spain in 2017. Second and third in popularity as non-domestic golfing destinations were Portugal and Ireland. 
 This statistic shows sports merchandising revenue in North America from 2009 to 2023. In 2018, revenues from sports merchandise in North America amounted to 14.57 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows a forecast of the average life of printer hardware install base worldwide from 2008 to 2015. The average life of printer hardware was 5.3 years in 2008. It is projected to be 4.2 years in 2015. 
 The global solar energy market is expected to reach 422 billion U.S. dollars in 2022, in comparison to 86 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. Solar energy is one of the most popular renewable energy sources and in recent years more capacity was deployed than traditional energy sources. The success related to the solar energy segment can be attributed to the declining cost of installing solar photovoltaic systems. Regional solar markets China and the United States were two of the largest solar markets in the world, driving a large portion of global solar demand. Europe, on the other hand, had experienced a declining solar market for over five years, but has seen growth recently due to Turkey’s expansion of solar capacity. These mature markets are expected to reduce their hold on the market as emerging markets in Latin America, the Middle East, and Africa grow. However, solar prices in emerging markets will be much higher than in developed markets as business situations can be less than ideal. In these cases, development financing institutions may help cover risks associated with financing solar projects. 
 In 2018, Germany’s GDP peaked at around four billion U.S. dollars, the highest GDP the country has reported in decades. It is predicted to grow towards five billion by 2024. Germany has the fourth-largest GDP in the world, after the United States, China, and Japan. The national debt of Germany has steadily been falling since 2012 and is now about a quarter of the size of Japan’s and half that of the United States. Development of GDP per capitaGross domestic product per capita in Germany has been increasing since 2015 and experienced its last period of decline between the mid-nineties and early noughties. In 2001, GDP per capita was the lowest it had been since the early nineties, but more than doubled by the time of the financial crisis in 2008. GDP per capita fluctuated throughout the subsequent decade, before reaching around 48,000 U.S. dollars in 2018. Largest economic sectorsThe service sector generates the highest share of GDP in Germany at nearly 70 percent. Finance and telecommunications are a large part of the service sector, as well as tourism – including hospitality and accommodation. Roughly a quarter of GDP currently comes from the production industry, not including construction. Agriculture, fishing, and forestry make up less than one percent. 
 As of 2018, 54 percent of U.S.-based respondents stated that their favorite moving watching location was at home. Only around 13 percent of respondents stated that they preferred to watch movies in a theatre, while 22 percent stated that they like the theatre and home options equally. Movie viewership Movies have long been a staple of the entertainment industry in both the United States and across the globe. Around 19 percent of U.S. adults claim to watch or stream movies every day, while an additional 26 percent state that they watch movies several times per week. Streaming services like Netflix and Hulu have provided consumers with a way to watch films on the go, while theatres continue to provide people with an entire movie-going experience. Despite this added competition from streaming services, annual ticket sales have remained relatively stable for the past 10 years. The 2019 film ‘Avengers: Endgame’ grossed nearly 2.8 billion dollars worldwide, making it the most successful film of all time in terms of global box office revenue. With more ways to watch, consumers from all around the world are showing more interested in movies that ever before. 
 There were 1,455 Aston Martin cars sold in the United Kingdom in 2018, with the majority registered in March and September. Those were the months when the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency issues new registration plates, which usually corresponds with an increased sales volume. Across the past three years, sales figures peaked in March 2017, when they amounted to 425 units. As of 2018, the British automobile company had 21 dealerships operating in the country. Aston Martin makes 1.01bn GBP in vehicle sales Aston Martin generated nearly 1.1 billion British pounds in revenues in 2018, of which 1.01 billion was made through the sale of vehicles. Car sale revenues had increased noticeably compared to the previous year. Global luxury car market still growing Aston Martin was not the only luxury car brand recording greater sales. The value of the global luxury car market had increased in recent years, growing from 245 billion euros in 2010 to 495 billion in 2018. The rising demand for luxury goods could be attributed to emerging markets such as China. 
Which team has appeared most often in the Super Bowl? The New England Patriots have appeared in the National Football League’s annual championship game a record 11 times, winning the Super Bowl six times. The Patriots and the Pittsburgh Steelers share the honor of winning the Super Bowl the highest number of times (six wins each). All of the Patriots six Super Bowl wins have come with Bill Belichick as the head coach and Tom Brady under center at the quarterback position. The biggest sport event in the U.S. Super Bowl Sunday, somewhat considered an unofficial national holiday in the United States, is the biggest single day sports event in the United States. Every year the final game of the NFL season has a domestic TV audience of around 100 million viewers. The game generates several hundred million U.S. dollars in advertising revenue, with average costs of a 30-second TV commercial during the game sitting at around five million U.S. dollars. The impact of the game also shows in the estimated consumer spending related to the Super Bowl, as U.S. consumers spend around 15 billion U.S. dollars on food and beverages, team gear, decorations, TVs and furniture every year. 
 Following a period of consistent growth, the locomotive fleet of U.S. class I railroad operators fell slightly to 26,546 locomotives in 2017, from 26,719 locomotives in the previous year, only to increase again to 26,086 in 2018. Class I railroads Class I railroads are the largest freight railroad operators in the U.S. Officially they are defined as having annual carrier operating revenues of 250 million U.S. dollars or more in 1991 dollars. Currently there are seven class I operators: Burlington Northern Santa Fe Railway, CSX Transportation, Grand Trunk Corporation, Kansas City Southern Railway, Norfolk Southern Combined Railroad Subsidiaries, Soo Line Corporation, and Union Pacific Railroad. Canadian National Railway and Canadian Pacific Railway are also considered as class I operators due to their significant U.S. presence. In total, around 118,799 miles of railroad is operated in the U.S. by class I operators. The largest two class I operators in terms of revenue are BNSF and Union Pacific. Freight in the U.S. Over the last two decades, roughly 2.5 trillion ton-kilometers of rail freight were transported annually in the United States. Although a large number, this figure is a fraction of the 5.6 trillion ton-miles of total freight transported on average each year. Accordingly, even the largest class I rail operators generate significantly less revenue than the two main companies which provide road and air freight services, UPS and FedEx. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Oakland Raiders from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Oakland Raiders was 52,549 
 Johnson & Johnson’s share of the baby care market worldwide is expected to gradually decline in the coming years to hit a low of 17.9 percent in 2021, a decrease of almost eight percent since 2013. Despite such forecast downturns within their baby care segment, Johnson & Johnson’s total revenue has continued to increase in recent years. Johnson & Johnson origins Johnson & Johnson, headquartered in New Jersey, operates over 200 subsidiary companies in 60 countries within the pharmaceutical, medical devices and consumer healthcare segments. The company originated in 1885 with the creation of ready-to-use surgical dressings. Their first products were produced in 1886 with a logo bearing great resemblance to their logo of today. This makes it one of the longest-used business logos to date. Competition for market share Kimberly-Clark and Procter & Gamble (P&G) are two of Johnson and Johnson’s fiercest competitors within this market. Kimberly-Clark’s share of the total baby care market is expected to remain relatively unchanged, staying at around 8 percent into 2024. Procter & Gamble's market share of disposable baby diapers, baby wipes and training pants worldwide is also expected to remain constant over the coming years at around 18 percent. 
 This statistic provides information on the internet usage penetration in Nigeria from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 47.1 percent of the Nigerian population were internet users. This share is projected to grow to 84.5 percent in 2023. 
 This statistic represents the leading airlines worldwide in 2018, based on system-wide freight tonne-kilometers. That year, the German company Lufthansa transported freight on just under 7.4 billion tonne-kilometers. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in Russia between 1950 and 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Russia's population was 38.6 years. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, Alphabet reported a net income of 10.67 billion U.S. dollars, increase from the income of 7.07 billion U.S. dollars generated in the previous quarter. Company revenues amounted to 46.08 billion U.S. dollars during the most recently reported period. 
 Cement consumption is often heavily linked to the demand from the construction industry. The consumption of cement in the United States has steadily increased since the 2008 Recession, reaching approximately 102 million metric tons in 2019. Similarly, cement prices in the U.S. have also increased in recent years, reaching 123.5 U.S. dollars per metric ton in the same year. Cement production Cement production has not reached peak levels since the mid 2000’s which could indicate that some cement plants are still idle or there is underutilized capacity at other plants. Disruptions from plant upgrades, closures, as well as inexpensive imports have also led to lower levels of domestic production. What is cement? Cement is a binder that can bind other materials together, most often sand and gravel, and is then used for construction. When cement is mixed with fine aggregate or with sand and gravel, it produces concrete. Cement can be characterized as hydraulic or non-hydraulic, where non-hydraulic does not set when there is water present, while hydraulic cements, like Portland cement, requires a chemical reaction between dry materials and water. It is one of the most commonly used types of material in the world. 
 As of 2017, the states with the highest rates of abortion included New York, New Jersey, Maryland, and Florida. As of that time, there were around 26 abortions per 1,000 women in the state of New York. The overall rate of legal abortions in the United States has gradually decreased since the mid-1980s. Facilities providing abortions Unsurprisingly, New York is also one of the states with the highest number of abortion-providing facilities in the U.S., with just over 250 such facilities. In recent years, many states have seen a decrease in the number of clinics that provide abortions. The largest decrease was seen in the state of Texas, where there were 46 such clinics in 2011 and just 21 in 2017. Public opinion Public opinion in the United States on the topic of abortion has fluctuated over the years. However, a survey from 2019 found that 49 percent of U.S. adults stated they were Pro-life, while 46 percent identified as Pro-choice. The same survey found that younger people were more likely to support abortion than the older generations. 
 This statistic depicts the revenue of the Unilever Group worldwide from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the global revenue generated by the Unilever Group was approximately 50.98 billion euros.UnileverUnilever operates in nearly 190 countries around the world and has been a traditional paragon of excellence and quality in the Fast Moving Consumer Goods sector. The company derives its competitive advantage from its global footprint and its track record of enhancing value for the consumers around the world. The company has four major product segments: personal care, foods, refreshments and home care; with the former generating the most revenue for the company. In 2014, Unilever employed over 170,000 people.With more than 400 brands focused on health and wellbeing, no company touches so many people’s lives in so many different ways. Unilever's portfolio ranges from nutritionally balanced foods to indulgent ice creams, affordable soaps, luxurious shampoos and everyday household care products which includes world-leading brands such as Lipton, Knorr, Dove, Axe, Hellmann’s and Omo, alongside trusted local names such as Blue Band, Pureit and Suave.Unilever strives to make sustainable living commonplace. They work to create a better future every day, with brands and services that help people feel good, look good, and get more out of life. 
 First released at the start of 2017, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG) has quickly gained a legion of followers across the world, most notably in the United States. Almost one quarter of PUBG’s players base was in the United States, with a further 19 percent originating in China. The Battle Royale game, developed by Bluehole, pits up to 100 online players against each other in a fight to the death until only one player or one team is left standing. PUBG finds fans in the States PUBG has been a critical hit, having won the Best Multiplayer Game at The Game Awards in 2017 and gaining a further nomination for its mobile version a year later. This critical success has also translated to commercial success as the game generated almost six million dollars in the United States alone as of June 2018. In terms of unit sales, this amounted to 50 million units worldwide, very impressive considering the game was only released on Steam’s Early Access in late March 2017. King of the Steam games Although PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds is available across many platforms, including Xbox One, PlayStation 4, and mobile, it has found the most success amongst PC gamers. The game was originally only released on PC gaming platform, Steam, and this seems to be how most of its loyal fans play the game. In 2018, PUBG was the most played game on Steam in terms of the peak number of concurrent players – the game reached more than 3.2 million players in a single hour in its peak, far surpassing its closest rival, DOTA 2. Furthermore, the Battle Royale game also topped the charts according to the hourly average number of players – PUBG averaged over 852 thousand players in an hour while DOTA 2 in second place managed just under 455 thousand. 
 The statistic presents the total net assets of US-registered mutual funds worldwide from 1998 to 2018. It was found that the total global net assets of mutual funds registered in the United States amounted to approximately 17.71 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. Mutual funds - additional information Mutual funds are investment funds in which the capital is pooled from a number of different investors and then used to buy securities such as stocks, bonds or money market instruments. Although investing in mutual funds, rather than direct investment in individual securities, still presents a certain degree of risk, it has become more and more common practice around the world. One of the biggest advantages of this type of investment is the fact that the fund assets are managed by professionals, who aim to eliminate some of the risk involved in investing in individual stocks and bonds through diversification of assets. As of 2017, there were more than nine thousand mutual funds domiciled in the United States. There are four main types of mutual funds, categorized by the nature of their principal investments, namely: stock or equity funds (whether domestic or international), bond or fixed income funds, money market funds and hybrid funds. In 2017, domestic equity funds were the most popular category in the United States, representing 42 percent of all mutual fund and ETF assets. 
 Boeing’s research and development costs were around 3.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, down from almost 3.3 billion in 2018. The decrease in expenses came as a result of lower spending related to the 737 and 777 model families. The level of research and development expenditure was highest in 2016 and ahead of the 787 Dreamliner jet family launch. The Dreamliner is one of the company’s most important model families, trailing only the 737 series. R&D a key factor in aerospace industry Research and development efforts are vitally important in the aerospace industry. Boeing is constantly competing for orders with rival Airbus. Without investing in new innovations, either company would be left behind. As a result of the Dreamliner's success, Airbus rolled out the A350 model. After Boeing's worst quarter in history, the jet manufacturer is expected to incur additional research and development costs to redesign the 737. This will be necessary in order to comply with new safety standards resulting from 737 problems that led to two fatal crashes in 2018 and 2019. 
 In 2018, the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) staged a total of 39 events. However, after a considerable drop in Pay-Per-View buy rates in 2017, the average number of Pay-Per-View buys recovered to approximately 447 thousand per event in 2018. One major contributor for this was UFC 229 on October 6th 2018, featuring Khabib Nurmagomedov versus Conor McGregor, resulting in the top UFC event in terms of Pay-Per-View buys with a total of 2.4 million buys. Live attendance During the 39 UFC events in 2018, a total of 474 fights took place, a number that’s held held rather steady since 2014. The highest live attendance was seen at UFC 193 on November 14th 2015, featuring Ronda Rousey versus Holly Holm, with a total of 56,214 attendees. UFC 129, Georges St-Pierre versus Jake Shields almost had as many live spectators with 55,724 at the octagon. Fighter earnings The highest all-time earnings directly through UFC fights were those of Conor McGregor at roughly 12 million U.S. dollars, however the majority of his personal income comes from other sources such as bonuses, endorsement deals, or for example his professional boxing match against Floyd Mayweather, for which he received over 75 million U.S. dollars. The earnings of fights depend heavily on the style card they fight. For example in UFC 227 Demetrious Johnson, who was fighting in main card, had the highest earning for that event with 470 thousand U.S. dollars. 
 The number of visitors to Zion National Park has been increasing in recent years. In 2019, the park saw an increase in the number of visitors with 4.49 million visitors, compared to previous year's 4.32 million. Zion National Park is located in Utah in the United States. Zion National Park Zion NP is a park in the desert of Utah that boasts a variety of plants and animals as well as archaeological sites. Many visitors to the park engage in hiking, climbing and camping within the park. In 2018, Zion National Park was among the top 3 most visited parks in the United States. The U.S. national parks are hugely popular and there has been a general growth in attendance since 2008. Outdoor Recreation in the U.S. As of 2018, some of the most popular outdoor activities among U.S. residents include running, fishing, biking, hiking and camping, to name a few. Among campers in North America, hiking or backpacking stood out as the most popular recreational activities, especially among Millennials. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Venezuela from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Venezuela was estimated at approximately 9.08 percent. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Ghana from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Ghana was at 13.69 percent. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in California from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in California amounted to 70,489 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the number of unemployed persons worldwide from 2010 to 2017 and projections until 2020. In 2017, there were about 174.1 million unemployed persons worldwide. 
 This statistic provides information on mobile wallet services used by consumers in the United States as of December 2016. During the survey period, it was found that Google Wallet had a 14 percent usage reach. Apple Pay was ranked fifth with a 12 percent usage rate. PayPal was ranked first with 76 percent usage among online consumers. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Egypt from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Egypt was at approximately 11.29 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Sweden from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Sweden had amounted to about 2.04 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the player expenses (payroll) of the New York Red Bulls club of Major League Soccer by player in 2019. Bradley Wright-Phillips received a salary of 1.38 million U.S. dollars. 
 Among all countries that are part of the Organization for Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), Turkey, followed by Korea, had the highest rate of Caesarean section births (or C-sections). At that time, the rate of C-sections in Turkey was 531.4 per 1,000 live births. Among global regions, Latin America and the Caribbean had the highest percentage of births that were delivered by C-section, while West and Central Africa had the lowest rates of Cesarean section births. Cesarean section costs Cesarean sections are a form of birth where the baby is taken out through a surgical incision in the abdomen rather than a natural vaginal birth. The cost of a Cesarean section delivery varies globally. The United States has some of the highest costs globally for Cesarean section deliveries, while South Africa has some of the lowest costs. In the United States, C-sections are significantly more expensive than a delivery by vaginal birth. High C-sections rates in the U.S. The U.S. has one of the highest C-section rates among OECD countries and very few of the hospitals are meeting national targets for the number of Cesarean sections performed. Over the past 20 years the C-section rate in the U.S. has gradually been increasing with more stable trends in the past few years. It has been reported that many of the C-sections performed in the U.S. are elective and not necessary. Often the risks of C-sections are greater than the benefits, when performed as an elective procedure. 
 The statistic shows the price of potassium chloride from 2014 to 2018, including a forecast until 2030. The price per metric ton was 297 U.S. dollars in 2014, and in the following year the price per metric ton was lowered by 296 U.S. dollars. In 2018, the price of potassium chloride decreased to 216 U.S. dollars per metric ton, with an increase in price up to 240 U.S. dollars per metric ton forecast for 2019. It is expected that by 2030 the price will increase to 320 U.S. dollars per metric ton. 
 This statistic displays the recovery rate of stolen property in the United States in 2018, by type. In 2018, about 59.3 percent of locally stolen motor vehicles could be recovered. 748,841 cases of motor vehicle theft were recorded in the United States in total in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the annual changes of the Producer Price Index for commodities in the United States of America from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, the annual change of the PPI amounted to -1.1 percent. The PPI for commodities stood at 199.8 in 2019. The Producer Price Index (PPI) program measures the average change over time in the selling prices received by domestic producers for their output. The prices included in the PPI are from the first commercial transaction for many products and some services. 
 In the first quarter of 2019, Greece's national debt was the highest in all of the European Union, amounting to 181.9 percent of Greece's gross domestic product, or about 372 billion U.S. dollars. In debitum incrementum? A country’s national debt, also known as government debt or public debt, is defined as all borrowings owed by the government of a country. It usually comprises internal debt – owed to other governmental departments – and external debt, which is held by the public and is owed to government bond owners. National debt can be caused by a struggling economy in general, or by low tax income, which usually leads to money being borrowed from other governments for support, which in turn cannot be paid back right away. At first glance, a high national debt is not always a sign of a struggling economy – but since increasing debt can slow down economic growth significantly, it is imperative for the respective government to seek a steady reduction in the long run. The biggest IOU Greece has been in the red for years now, and ever since it was the poster child for the financial crisis in 2008/2009, the country has been struggling to pay back its creditors. It was granted a rescue package by the IMF and loans by several major European banks. But even ten years later, Greece still struggles to keep its national debt under control, which surpassed its GDP and still has not recovered – on the contrary, it has increased again over the last few years. 
 This statistic shows the forecast of the median age in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2017 to 2037 and visualises the predicted 'ageing population'. Over the 20 year period, the median age is expected to increase by 1.7 years, the largest increase predicted between 2027 and 2032 at 0.8 years. 
 Airbus Division's research and development (R&D) efforts amounted to over 2.4 billion euros in the fiscal year of 2019. Airbus is an aircraft manufacturing subsidiary of the Airbus Group, which was known as EADS (European Aeronautic Defence and Space Company) prior to the group's restructuring in January 2014. 
 As of 2020, there were 52 nuclear reactors under construction worldwide, with the majority being built in China. Comparatively, there were 186 nuclear reactors shut down permanently as of that year. The United States had permanently shut down 37 nuclear facilities as of February 2020. The construction and planning of a new nuclear power reactor is essential to the safety and operation of the facility. Methodical planning in plant design, materials, and labor ensures the success of the nuclear project. The time required for the construction of nuclear reactors can vary largely. Future of Nuclear Reactors The majority of planned new nuclear capacity is set in Asia. The increased capacity is also being created through upgrading already existing plants. Many existing atomic reactors are over 30 years old, which may exceed or is close to exceeding the designed lifetime of the reactors. It is also possible to replace major reactor components and some countries have also renewed licenses to extend the lifetime of plants. Many regions with existing nuclear power programs have further plans to build new reactors. 
 This statistic shows the leading countries in rye production worldwide for the crop year 2018/2019. According to the report, approximately 650,000 metric tons of rye were produced in Belarus that period. 
 Amazon.com is an international e-commerce company offering online retail, computing services, consumer electronics and digital content, as well as other local services such as daily deals and groceries. As of 2018, Amazon was ranked as the most valuable U.S. brand, with a brand value of around 188 billion U.S. dollars. Apple, Google, and Microsoft were the next most valuable brands in the United States that year. These companies also feature at the top of the rankings for most valuable global brands. What is brand value? Brand value, not to be mistaken with brand equity, is a commonly used phrase in the marketing industry. It describes the value of brands based on the assumption that the owner of a well-known brand name can generate more money compared to products with a less well-known name. Amazon brand value Amazon’s brand value grew steadily from 2006 until 2015, but post 2016, the retail giant’s brand value has experienced remarkable growth. Amazon offers a wide variety of products, including electronics, food, beauty and subscription services. The online retailer is one of the biggest names in desktop retailing as well as mobile commerce. Amazon also operates an online streaming service for movies, television shows, and music, which together with the company’s growing range of products and services across various platforms, is likely to have aided in adding value to the Amazon brand. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Mexico from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, the number of Facebook users in Mexico reached 54.6 million, up from 52.6 million in 2017. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in Italy from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Italy's population was 45.4 years. 
 This statistic presents the final consumption expenditure of households in the European Union on clothing in 2018, split by country. The highest expenditure was recorded in the United Kingdom, with households spending around 65.4 billion euros on clothing in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the inflation rate in Germany from 1992 to 2019. In 2019, the inflation rate in Germany was at 1.4 percent. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a product basket defined by the German Federal Statistical Office. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. The term inflation means the devaluation of money caused by a permanent increase of the price level for products (consumer goods , investment goods). The Consumer Price Index shows the price development for private expenses and shows the current level of inflation when increasing. 
 This statistic shows the number of cumulative app downloads from Apple's App Store from July 2008 to June 2017. As of the last reported period, Apple announced that 180 billion apps had been downloaded from its App Store. App Store download – additional information Apple App Store was created in 2008 and, since then, the number of available apps has been consistently increasing over the years. In March of 2010, there were 150 thousand available apps in the App Store. The number of available apps reached 1.5 million by June 2015, 10 times more than the early 2010 number. This figure includes 1 million native iPad apps. The growth in number of apps available is directly related to the number of applications for the release of newly developed apps. In May 2016, the number of applications submitted for release to the App Store surpassed 50,000 for the first time. This figure included gaming apps, which account for about half of the release applications. Regarding availability, the most popular Apple App Store category is gaming with about 23 percent of available apps belonging to this category. Other leading app categories based on terms of availability are business apps, education apps, lifestyle apps and entertainment apps. Gaming leads in terms of downloads as well. In the ephemeral world of apps, downloads do not equal retention. It is estimated that 25 percent apps downloaded by mobile app users worldwide were only used once during the first six months of ownership. 
 This statistic shows the total value of all imports in Scotland from 2000 to 2018. The value of imports increased over this period. In 2018, the value of imports to Scotland amounted to approximately 97.2 billion British pounds. As stated in an analysis of Scotland's import partners, the country's largest import trading partner is the European Union (EU). According to the value of net trade in Scotland the country imports more than it exports, a substantial amount of which is imported from trade with the rest of the UK. Click on the following link for further information regarding the value of Scottish imports from the rest of the world. The values of imports in Scotland by Standard International Trade Classification (SITC) sections are also available, Click on the following links for more information with reference to imports of: food and live animals, beverages and tobacco, crude materials, mineral fuels, animal and vegetable oils, chemicals, manufactured goods, machinery and transport. 
 This statistic presents the global mobile app retention rate as of the second half of 2016, measured by total number of times an app was used. During the survey period it was found that 23 percent of apps were only used once. Overall, social media app had the highest monthly launch rate out of all app verticals with an average of 20.28 app launches per month. During the last reported period, the average app was launched 13.78 times per month. 
 The statistic depicts the boat ownership rate by household income in the U.S. in 2013. 9.4 percent of the respondents with an annual household income of greater than 100,000 U.S. dollars own a boat. 
 Between January 2019 and January 2020, food prices in the United Kingdom increased by 1.4 percent. A period of continuous deflation between March 2015 and January 2017 preceded a return to a sustained rise of the cost of food from February 2017 onwards. Inflation rate and consumer price index Inflation is commonly measured via the consumer price index, which illustrates changes to prices paid by consumers for a representative basket of goods and services. An annualized percentage change in the price index constitutes a measure of inflation. In order to maintain an inflation rate at a stable level, to enable the general public and businesses to plan their spending, the Government set a two percent inflation target for the Bank of England. European post-referendum comparison Recent increases of food prices were linked to severe weather in 2018 as well as the risk of a no-deal Brexit. In the wake of the referendum held on June 23, 2016, when the majority supported the withdrawal from the European Union (EU), trends with respect to food prices remained analogous in the EU as well as the UK. However, in 2019 the UK is forecast to exhibit a higher CPI inflation rate than Germany and France, the other two largest countries in terms of nominal gross domestic product. 
 The number one most expensive drug, as of 2018, was Glybera or alipogene tiparvovec with a list price of around 1.2 million U.S. dollars per year. Ravicti was ranked the second expensive drug, used in the long-term treatment of urea cycle disorders. Ravicti is marketed by Horizon Pharma, a former U.S.-based but now Irish-based pharmaceutical company. The most costly drugs worldwide based on wholesale acquisition cost (list price) are mostly orphan drugs for rare diseases. What are orphan drugs? Orphan drugs are pharmaceutical products for the treatment of so-called rare diseases. These are diseases with a very low prevalence within a population. Thus, it is not too appealing for companies to invest into R&D for drugs, which they potentially could sell only to a small number of patients. However, because persons afflicted by rare diseases should have the same right for care and treatment as persons with more common diseases, specific regulations were introduced over time. In 1983, the Orphan Drug Act was signed in the United States, for example. The impact of the Orphan Drug Act The Orphan Drug Act applies certain incentives for pharmaceutical companies to develop and market orphan drugs. This includes, for example, tax credits on clinical research, accelerated administrative procedures, and a 7-year market exclusivity after approval. These and other benefits significantly changed the level of interest in rare disease treatments. Given the fact that there are around 7,000 rare and ultra-rare diseases, drug manufacturers are increasingly entering this market with large potential. It becomes especially profitable when an already existing drug for common diseases also shows effects on a rare disease, or when an orphan drug emerges to be effective for other, more common diseases. In such cases, the orphan status of the drug helps companies to extend market exclusivity and add higher price tags, causing some critics to claim that the industry is gaming the system. 
 The Philippines has a steadily growing economy, with a gross domestic product (GDP) that reached over 330 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. The GDP of the Philippines is expected to increase substantially to over 548 billion U.S. dollars by 2024. The Philippines’ economy GDP of the Philippines has consistently grown at around six percent and is expected to remain constant through 2024. At the same time, the unemployment rate has fallen to about 2.5 percent in 2018, with an increasing amount of employment being within the services sector . Sectors of the economy The services sector is a significant economic sector in the Philippines economy, with a share of almost 60 percent in gross domestic product generation. Usually, a shift of GDP generation from agriculture to services is a sure sign of a growing economy - the same is true for the Philippines: Tourism and IT are industries within the services sector which has substantially contributed to the Philippines’ economic growth. The agriculture sector, although contributing to the Philippines’ export quantity, such as coconut oil and fruits, has declined over recent years, with more and more inhabitants moving to the cities to find work. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for San Francisco Giants games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 38.32 U.S. dollars. San Francisco Giants - additional information The American baseball team San Francisco Giants has won the World Series most recently in 2014, in a best-of-seven playoff series against the Kansas City Royals. The team started playing in New York in 1883, under the name The Gothams. They changed their name to the New York Giants shortly afterwards and again to the San Francisco Giants, when they relocated to California in the summer of 1957. Before relocation, the team had already won five of its total of eight MLB (Major League Baseball) World Series championships as the New York Giants. In addition to holding a number of baseball records, such as having the most Hall of Fame players in all of professional baseball, the Giants franchise is also one of the most valuable within the sport. In 2019, Forbes estimated the total value of the San Francisco Giants franchise at three billion U.S. dollars, which places it among the most valuable sports teams in North America. In the 2018 season, the revenue of the San Francisco Giants was estimated at 462 million U.S. dollars. Due to the fact that San Francisco Giants’ ticket prices, as well as game attendance, are higher than the overall MLB averages, gate receipts are responsible for a large percentage of total revenues. Based on an average regular season home attendance of almost 39 thousand spectators per game and an average ticket price of over 38 U.S. dollars, the Giants earned some 176 million U.S. dollars in gate receipts in 2018 alone. That same year, the player expenses of the San Francisco Giants, including payroll, as well as benefits and bonuses, was estimated at some 219 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate for China from 2012 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, China's unemployment rate ranged at about 3.9 percent. Unemployment rate in China – additional information From the statistic at hand one can see that the unemployment rate in China has been fairly constant at around four percent over the last few years. This may be partly explained by the fact that due to its socialist heritage, full employment policy historically has played a major role in economic considerations of the Chinese government. Another possible explanation may be found in the index’s methodology, which, according to the National Bureau of Statistics, gathers only employment data for urban regions. The debate as to whether to adjust the methodology accordingly in order to create a more accurate statistical image is still ongoing among Chinese politicians and statisticians. A main concern in China’s current state of employment lies within the still large regional differences. As of 2016, the unemployment rate in more central and western regions of China was notably higher than in China’s eastern parts. In Beijing, China’s political and cultural center, unemployment ranged at merely 1.4 percent for 2016. Youth unemployment is also apparent in China, but with its own characteristics. Young people with higher education are more likely to have difficulty finding a job, according to the China Household Finance Survey. One reason for this might lie in the enrollment expansion since 1999. The number of newly enrolled students in public universities skyrocketed from around 2.7 million in 2001 to roughly 7.5 million in 2016. Apart from the unemployment rate, most commonly used indicators to measure economic activities of a country are GDP growth and inflation rate. According to an IMF forecast, GDP growth in China will slow down to about 6.3 percent in 2019, depicting a four-percent decrease from 10.61 percent in 2010. This estimate is backed up by quarterly growth data published by the NBS, which recently reported 1.4 percent GDP growth for the first quarter of 2018. 
 The global workforce of accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) increased sharply over the last decade, growing from 161,718 employees in 2010 to 276,005 employees in 2019. PwC PwC is one of the largest professional services firms in the world, specializing in auditing and accountancy services. Their operations are divided into three services lines: assurance, which deals primarily with financial audits; advisory, which provides broader management consultancy services; and tax, which provides tax consulting services. Geographically, the largest share of their revenue is generated in the Americas, however they employ slightly more staff in Western Europe. The Big Four The Big Four accounting firms – Deloitte, PwC, EY and KPMG – are the four largest professional services networks in the world. Most publicly listed firms will procure auditing services from one of the Big Four, as do countless private companies. PwC is the second largest of the Big Four in terms of global revenue and the third-largest in terms of global employees. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Argentina from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Argentina's real gross domestic product had decreased by around 2.48 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the number of worldwide Chromebook unit shipments in 2014, with estimates to 2023. In 2014, a total of 5.3 million Chromebooks were shipped around the world. In 2023, Chromebook global sales are expected to reach 17 million units. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Mauritius from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Mauritius amounted to about 3.23 percent compared to the previous year. 
 Between 2006 and 2018, road fatalities in Sweden had seen a net decline of 27 percent. The lowest figure of such fatalities was recorded in 2017 at 253. These figures stand in contrast to an increase in the volume of passenger road transport. In 2017, people travelled a combined 126.7 billion kilometers, which was 10 billion kilometers more than in 2006. Casualty figures also in decline Much like road fatalities, the number of road traffic casualties declined over the past decade. A total of roughly 19,700 individuals had reportedly been injured in 2017, with figures 26 percent lower than eleven years prior. This was despite a slight increase in the past three years. Denmark records highest fatality numbers Among Scandinavian countries, Denmark recorded the greatest number of road traffic related fatalities, which amounted to 32 per million inhabitants. By comparison, fatality figures were lowest in Norway at 20 fatal accidents per million inhabitants. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of bottled water in the United States from 1999 to 2018. The per capita consumption of bottled water amounted to 42.3 gallons in 2018. Bottled water is drinking water sold in plastic or glass water bottles. It can be carbonated or still. The bottled water brand Dasani was ranked among the leading bottled still water brands in the United States in 2019. The United States was also one of the largest consumer markets for bottled water, based on per capita consumption. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Toronto Raptors games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 47.00 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019 he United Kingdom’s economy grew by approximately 1.4 percent, the slowest it had grown since the great recession of the late 2010s, where the economy shrank by 4.2 percent. Prior to the economic crash of 2008, the British economy expanded at a relatively healthy rate, particularly in 2000 when gross-domestic product grew by 3.7 percent. World's Fifth-largest economy With a gross domestic product of approximately 2.11 trillion British pounds, the United Kingdom boasts the fifth-largest economy in the world. Within Europe, Britain’s economy is second only to Germany’s, while France’s economy is only slightly smaller than the United Kingdom’s. Brexit effect Until its trading relationship with the European Union is made clear, it is uncertain how Brexit will affect the economy of the United Kingdom. In the event of a no-deal Brexit for example the Bank of England predicted that GDP could shrink by as much as eight percent and lead to an increase in both the unemployment rate and inflation. 
 The multinational company Eni S.p.A. heads the ranking of the most valuable Italian brands, reaching a brand value of 10.7 billion U.S. dollars as of 2019. The energy company outranks Enel and Gucci with brand values of roughly 10.3 and 10.1 billion dollars, respectively. TIM followed directly with an estimated brand equity of about 8.7 billion dollars. In Italy, approximately 50 percent of oil and gas supply belongs to Eni. However, in the last years the net sales from operations generated by Eni experienced a decrease, as the value in 2017 has almost halved compared to 2013. Success of a global brand Eni is the acronym for “Ente Nazionale Idrocarburi”, a brand established by a state law in 1953 in Italy. Through the time, Eni S.p.A. has become one of the largest energy companies worldwide, operating nowadays in 71 countries with approximately 33 thousand employees all over the world. Founded as state company, about 70% of the company currently belongs to private shareholders, whereas the Italian government still holds circa 30% of Eni’s capital. Information of the value of Eni’s shares can be found here . Eni in the Italian energy market Basing on turnover, Eni is a leading global oil and gas company, producing 4.4million cubic meters of natural gas in 2018. Enel, however, ranks above Eni in the electricity market, as Enel is the dominant energy supplier in Italy, holding 20.5 percent of share, whereas Eni had a market share of 9.6 percent. 
 This statistic shows the St. Louis Cardinals all-time home run leaders as of October 14, 2019. Stan Musial has hit the most home runs in St. Louis Cardinals franchise history with 475 home runs. 
 The statistic shows the 20 countries with the highest public surplus in 2019 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP). In 2019, Nauru ranked 1st of the countries with the highest public surplus with an estimated surplus of around 20.55 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the value of gross domestic product (GDP) per capita at current prices in Scotland from 2000 to 2018. From 2000 to 2008 the gross domestic product at current prices increased each year. There was a decrease in 2009 and 2010, this was almost certainly due to the effect of the global financial crisis on the market value of all final goods and services produced in Scotland in that year, yet from 2010 Scottish GDP almost fully recovered, growth of GDP per head increased annually thereafter. A very similar trend can be seen in the development of annual GDP at market prices and annual GDP excluding North Sea revenue. Quarterly GDP at current market prices is also available as well as quarterly GDP per capita. 
 This statistic represents Audi's operating profit from the fiscal year of 2002 through the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, Audi's operating profit amounted to around 3.53 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Ontario from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Ontario's GDP was 730.27 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
Manchester United is one of the, if not the most successful football clubs in the Premier League, generating a total revenue of 711.5 million euros during the 2018/19 season, the highest in the Premier League. As of 2019, Manchester United also remains to have the highest team brand value as well as the most Premier League titles with a total of 20. Not everyone likes Manchester United, but most do When, during a survey from Summer 2018, people, interested in football, were asked which Premier League club their favorite is, the largest share, of 22.6 percent, answered Manchester United as their favorite club. However, not everyone is a fan. During the same survey, when asked about how they feel about Manchester United personally, 35 percent of respondents either stated they don’t like the club or even hate it. Biggest revenue, biggest stadium There are various contributing factors to generating the highest revenue for Manchester United. While the overall average attendance at Premier League matches comes to roughly 38.5 thousand, is the average attendance of Manchester United much higher considering their stadium capacity of approximately 75 thousand with an average stadium utilization of over 95 percent. These figures are also reflected in the value of jersey kit sponsorships with Manchester raking in 47 million British pounds via Chevrolet in season 2018/19. 
 While Costa Rica might have crashed out of the 2018 World Cup in the first round having finished bottom of their group, they were able to claim the title of the oldest average team. Their squad had an average age of 29.6 years, almost four years older than the squad of Nigeria, who had the youngest squad at the tournament. France’s stars bring home the trophyFrance’s squad was full of superstars such as Kylian Mbappé, Paul Pogba, and Antoine Griezmann, making it the most expensive squad assembled at the 2018 World Cup. The stars did not fail to deliver, winning the World Cup final 4-2 against Croatia. This marked France’s second World Cup title, following the title they won at their home World Cup in 1998. Interestingly, the captain of the 1998 squad, Didier Deschamps, tasted success again in 2018 as he was the coach of the title-winning French team. With an annual salary of 3.5 million U.S. dollars, Deschamps was one of the best-paid managers at the 2018 World Cup, beaten only by Germany’s Joachim Löw, who boasted annual pay of 3.85 million U.S. dollars. Getting through the group stages a tall order? With the World Cup being one of the highlights of the sporting calendar, it is no surprise that the players and squads are scrutinized to the finest detail. One of the more curious statistics is the average height of the players at the 2018 World Cup. Serbia’s squad towered over the rest with an average player height of 185.6 centimeters. By contrast, the smallest squad belonged to Saudi Arabia at an average of a comparatively diminutive 176.2 centimeters. As both teams failed to make it past the group stages, it seems that being of an average height was the recipe for success - France’s title winning squad measured up at a distinctly average 180.5 centimeters. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Lakers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 85.38 U.S. dollars. The Lakers have one of highest average ticket prices in the NBA. Los Angeles Lakers - additional information The Los Angeles Lakers are one of the most successful basketball teams of all times, having won 16 NBA (National Basketball Association) championships, most recently in 2010. The team was established in 1947 in Minneapolis, Minnesota under the name Minneapolis Lakers and was initially a part of the National Basketball League (NBL). They joined the rival NBA in 1949, as part of the Pacific Division of the league's Western Conference and moved to Los Angeles before the 1960/1961 season. In addition to being one of the most successful basketball teams on the court, the Lakers franchise is also one of the most valuable within the sport, according to Forbes. As of 2015, the franchise’s total value was estimated at 2.6 billion U.S. dollars, an increase in value of 95 percent compared to the previous year. The revenue of the Los Angeles Lakers was at 293 million U.S. dollars in the 2013/14 season, while the team’s operating income was an estimated 104 million U.S. dollars, showing an increase of approximately 40 percent from the previous year. The team has had on its roster some of the best basketball players in the world, such as Jerry West, Earvin ‘Magic’ Johnson, Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Shaquille O’Neal and Kobe Bryant. In the 2013/2014 season, the player expenses of the Los Angeles Lakers were at 81 million U.S. dollars. The Lakers are very beloved by fans from all over the world. As of March 2015, the basketball team had more than 22 million Facebook fans and more than 4 million Twitter followers. Furthermore, during 2014/2015, the regular season home attendance of the franchise was 778,415, an average of 18,985 per game, more than the average NBA per game attendance. Lakers ticket prices for home games in 2014/15 have reached an estimated 102.25 U.S. dollars, twice the overall league-wide average ticket price. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Japan from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, approximately 22.6 million people were using Facebook in Japan. In 2023, this figure is projected to reach about 26.9 million Facebook users. 
 In 2018, Canada had a population density of about 4 people per square kilometer. The country has one of the lowest population densities in the world, as the total population is very small in relation to the dimensions of the land. Canada has a relatively stable population size, consistently with a growth of around one percent compared to the previous year. A small population in a large territory In terms of total area, Canada is the second largest country in the world. Its ten provinces and three territories extend from the Pacific to the Atlantic and northward to the Arctic Ocean, and this in total covers about 9.9 million square miles. The most densely populated area of Canada is what’s known as the Quebec City-Windsor Corridor in the provinces of Quebec and Ontario. Canada has a degree of urbanization of around 80 percent, because most Canadians prefer to live in cities where opportunities for work and leisure are in close proximity to each other and conditions are less rough. 
 This statistic shows the annual revenue of the Chinese search engine Baidu from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, Baidu's reported revenue amounted to 14.88 billion U.S. dollars. The majority of revenues were generated through online marketing services. 
 In 2017, Ardell Fashion achieved 18.6 million U.S. dollars in sales. Eyelash extensions, also known as permanent false eyelashes or semi permanent eyelash extensions are the latest trend sweeping across the beauty industry and have become a favorite of many celebrities. Top Cosmetics Categories in the U.S. The cosmetics market in the United States can be broken down into four main segments: lip cosmetics, eye cosmetics, facial cosmetics, and nail cosmetics. Lip cosmetics refers to products like lipstick and lip gloss. Eye cosmetics include eye shadow, false lashes, and mascara. Facial cosmetics are products like foundation, powder, and blush. Last but not least, nail cosmetics primarily refers to nail polish and false nails. In terms of dollar sales, the two largest categories in the United States in 2018 were facial and eye cosmetics. Leading Makeup Brands among American Women With the explosive popularity of social media platforms and the rising tide of indie or online-only makeup brands available on the market, there are more options than ever for consumers. However, a few classic brands stand out as the most widely used and purchased among American women. A 2017 survey found that over half of U.S. women use CoverGirl cosmetics, making it the most popular makeup brand that year. 
 This statistic presents the top ten countries with the fastest average mobile internet speed as of January 2020. As of the measured period, the country with the fastest average mobile internet speed in Mbps was the UAE, with an average mobile internet speed of 87.01 Mbps. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Ethiopia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Ethiopia was at approximately 1.79 percent. 
 This statistic shows the employment in Japan from 2010 to 2017, with projections up until 2020. In 2017, the employment in Japan was around 65.31 million people. 
 This statistic represents passenger traffic at London Heathrow Airport from 2002 through 2018. In 2018, London Heathrow Airport handled approximately 88.1 million passengers, up from 63 million in 2002. Passenger traffic at London Heathrow Airport As well as being the most populous city in the European Union, London is also one of Europe’s major commercial hubs and has the largest city airspace in the world. There are eight airports serving the London area, including Gatwick (IATA: LGW), Stansted (IATA: STN) and Heathrow (IATA: LHR). London Heathrow Airport is the largest airport in the United Kingdom and the third busiest in the world, handling well over 65 million passengers annually. To put this figure into perspective, the airport handled more passengers in 2011 than the airports in Orlando and Philadelphia combined. In 2011, around 77.4 million passengers boarded or left the planes at Beijing Capital International Airport (IATA: PEK) in China, while the world’s busiest airport in Atlanta (IATA: ATL) handled some 92.4 million passengers in the same year. After the reopening of Terminal 2 (the Queen's Terminal) on June 4, 2014, Heathrow is back to operating five terminals. Terminal 5, which was inaugurated by Queen Elizabeth II in 2008, resulted in construction costs of some 5.6 billion euros (or about 4.7 billion British pounds), making it one of the most expensive airport restructuring projects worldwide. The airport is owned and operated by Heathrow Airport Holdings, which itself is owned by Spanish construction contractor Ferrovial (one of the largest European construction companies). In 2018, Heathrow Airport Holdings generated total revenue of around 2.97 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the consumer price index in the U.S. from 2010 to 2018 with additional projections up to 2024. The base period was 1982-84. In 2019, the annual Consumer Price Index is projected to be at about 256.12. The U.S. inflation rate for 2018 was projected to be 2.44 percent. United States Consumer Price Index Forecast According to data published by the International Monetary Fund, the US Consumer Price Index (CPI) was 224.92 in 2011, compared to the base period of 1982 to 1984. It is projected that the CPI will continue to rise year over year, reaching 287.51 in 2024. The Consumer Price Index of all urban consumers in previous years was lower, and has risen every year since 1992, except in 2009, when the CPI went from 215.30 in 2008 to 214.54 in 2009. The monthly unadjusted Consumer Price Index was 255.55 for the month of April in 2019. The US CPI measures change in the price of consumer goods and services purchased by households and a key value in calculating US inflation and the health of the economy. The US Department of Labor’s Bureau of Labor Statistics calculates the CPI and defines it as, "a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services." The BLS records the price of thousands of goods and services month by month. They consider goods and services within eight main categories: food and beverage, housing, apparel, transportation, medical care, recreation, education, and other goods and services. They aggregate the data collected in order to compare how much it would cost a consumer to buy the same market basket of goods and services one month or year against how much it cost in a previous month or year. Given that the CPI is used to calculate US inflation, the CPI influences the annual adjustments of many financial institutions in the United States, both private and public. Wages, social security payments, and pensions are all affected by the CPI. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in Saudi Arabia from 2015 to 2023. In 2018, Saudi Arabia had 28.5 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 35 million internet users in 2023. 
 Ecolab generated about 14.7 billion dollars in revenue in 2018. This is a large increase from their revenue in 2009, which totaled 5.9 billion dollars. Ecolab Inc. is a leading company in cleaning, sanitizing, pest elimination services, food safety, and infection prevention products and services worldwide. The company currently operates in over 170 countries globally. Ecolab Company Overview Ecolab Inc., is headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota, and was established back in 1923. The company’s products are used in many sectors including building facilities, chemical processing, commercial laundries, food and beverage processing, health care, mining and mineral processing, and power generation, to name a few. Ecolab’s largest segment is their global industrial segment, which accounted for the largest share of their revenue as of 2018. Ecolab is among the leading U.S. chemical companies, along with other big-names such as DowDuPont and LyondellBasell Industries. U.S. Chemical Industry The chemical industry is among the largest manufacturing industries within the U.S. The industry is also responsible for a large proportion of the world’s chemical shipments. The value of U.S. chemical exports has seen values increasing over time but has recently encountered a sharp decline in value as of 2017. Trade conflicts with countries such as China are likely one of the factors causing the decline. Canada, Mexico, and China are among the leading consumers of U.S. chemical exports. 
 The statistic depicts the Netherlands' real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, the real GDP in the Netherlands grew by about 2.6 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in the Philippines from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 46.91 percent of the Philippines' total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This graph shows the leading genres of primetime TV programming viewed regularly in the United States as of May 2015. During a survey, 48 percent of respondents stated they regularly watched sitcoms or comedy shows on TV during primetime. Movies, part of the billion-dollar film industry, are the second most common genre on primetime TV programming. Of the programs shown on broadcast TV during the 2014-15 season, over 40 percent were drama and 18.4 percent were comedy. In contrast, the emphasis for cable TV was much more on reality TV shows, as these accounted for two-thirds of the shows on cable networks. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Indonesia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Indonesia's gross domestic product amounted to around 1,022.45 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the list of countries with the highest number of deaths caused by terrorist activities in 2018. The highest number of deaths from terrorism in 2018 occurred in Afghanistan, accounting for 46 percent of all deaths. In that year alone, terrorist incidents worldwide resulted in approximately 15,952 fatalities. Additional information on the targets of terrorism Although terrorism is a worldwide problem, its victims are highly concentrated in certain areas of the world. The most prominent area to have fallen victim to terrorist attacks in recent times has been the region encompassing the Middle East and North Africa. Following military invasions in both Afghanistan and Iraq respectively, the instability brought about by conflict allowed an opportunity for a number of terrorist groups to gain a strong foothold in the region. But groups committing terrorist acts are not solely concentrated in the Middle East as shown by 13 percent of terrorism related deaths worldwide in 2018 occurring in Nigeria. The rise of Boko Haram alongside Islamic State also heavily contributed to the number of terrorist attacks worldwide increasing considerably in 2014. Terror attacks such as the bombing of the World Trade Centre in New York on September 11, 2011 gain the most attention in global media and generally result in increased counter terrorism efforts at home and abroad. However, the vast majority of attacks occur in the countries where the major terrorist organizations such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State are based. The lack of security and order present in places like Iraq and Afghanistan affords more opportunities to terrorist groups to commit more obvious acts of terrorism including armed assaults, the second most common form of terrorist attack. 
 This timeline depicts the number of dollar stores in the United States in 2017 and 2018. In 2018, there were a total of 31,620 dollar stores throughout the United States. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were using Instagram as of February 2019, sorted by gender. During that period of time, 43 percent of female and 31 percent of male respondents stated that they used the photo sharing app. 
 The FIFA World Cup is not only one of the biggest prizes in sport, it also boasts a big prize pot. The total prize money for the 2018 World Cup in Russia stood at 791 million U.S. dollars, a significant increase on the 576 million U.S. dollars up for grabs at the previous World Cup in Brazil in 2014. France take home the big prize Thanks to their success at the 2018 World Cup, France not only took home the coveted trophy, but also bagged a record 35 million U.S. dollars in prize money. The 25 million U.S. dollars handed out to the runners-up, Croatia, would have been little consolation to losing out on the biggest trophy in international soccer. Even the teams that were knocked out in the group stages of the 2018 World Cup, which included the likes of Serbia, Germany, and Australia, were given eight million U.S. dollars as consolation. Big talent = Big moneyAt the World Cup, the big money is not just limited to the prize money but is also evident in the squads themselves. Given the fact that they came out on top in the 2018 World Cup, it is unsurprising that France boasted the squad with the highest transfer value. On the other end of the spectrum, minnows Panama, with a combined market value of just over nine million euros, were not able to shake off their underdog status as they lost every game in their group. According to their market value, Lionel Messi of Argentina and Neymar of Brazil were the two biggest stars at the 2018 World Cup. However, they were unable to lead their teams to glory as Argentina were knocked out by eventual champions, France, in the round of 16 and Brazil fell victim to Belgium in the quarter-finals. 
 This timeline shows the total population of Afghanistan from 2014 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Afghanistan's total population amounted to an estimated 35.53 million inhabitants. Population of Afghanistan Afghanistan is a country constantly plagued by war and terrorism. A direct result of war in Afghanistan is a low life expectancy. Even though the life expectancy at birth from 2001 to 2012 has increased, the number still remains relatively low in comparison to other countries in the world. Another direct cause for this low life expectancy is probably terrorism. The number of deaths in Afghanistan due to terrorism between has increased dramatically until 2013. Additionally, insurgents were to blame for the majority of the civilian deaths in Afghanistan in 2010. War, the increase in civilian deaths in Afghanistan as well as a drop in the fertility rate in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2012 have resulted in a steep drop in population growth when compared to the previous year. However, despite of the slower population growth in recent years, the total population in Afghanistan in the past decade has increased by about 9 million inhabitants. 
 On average, Germans consumed 101.2 liters of beer per person in 2017. Despite the fact that this is probably the first beverage most of the world associates with Germany, not least because of the Oktoberbest in Munich, in the country itself consumption levels have been falling consistently since 1990. Still active industry Changing beer consumption may be due to a variety of reasons, among them the growing selection of other beverages available on the market, both alcoholic and not, prices, as well as lifestyle and health choices among the German population. Despite consumers drinking less and less beer, the industry is still active and breweries continue to be opened. Beck’s most popular brand Beer sales volume fluctuated during recent years, generally falling. Still, when Germans did buy beer, the most popular brands were Beck’s, Krombacher and Warsteiner. 
 This statistic displays the number of bedrooms in hotels and similar accommodation in Europe in 2017, by country. That year Italy registered more than one million hotel bedrooms. 
 The graph shows national debt in China related to gross domestic product until 2018, with forecasts to 2024. In 2018, gross national debt ranged at 50.5 percent of the national gross domestic product. Debt-to-GDP ratio – additional information In economics, the ratio between a country’s government debt and its gross domestic product (GDP) is generally defined as the debt-to-GDP ratio. It is a useful indicator for investors to measure a country’s ability to fulfill future payments on its debts. A low debt-to-GDP ratio also suggests that an economy produces and sells a sufficient amount of goods and services to pay back those debts. Among the important industrial and emerging countries, Japan displayed one of the highest debt-to-GDP ratios. In 2017, the estimated national debt of Japan amounted to about 236 percent of its GDP, up from around 180 percent in 2004. One reason behind Japan’s high debt load lies in its low annual growth rate. China’s national debt related to GDP surged from around 18 percent in 2009 to 34 percent in 2010. After the 2008 financial crisis, China had relied heavily on credit financing to spur economic growth. The rapid increase in the debt-to-GDP ratio during that time had been mainly due to the four trillion yuan stimulus plan to invest in infrastructure projects. 
 As of 2018, the average expenditure per consumer unit on furniture amounted to 518.43 U.S. dollars in the United States. In comparison, this figure was significantly higher in affluent households where the average annual spend on furniture amounted to 1,098 U.S. dollars in 2017. U.S. Furniture Market Furniture and furnishings make up a central part of the home goods industry, which itself covers the manufacturing, distribution and retail of home furniture, household decorative accessories, home furnishings, appliances, cookware and gardening equipment. In 2018, furniture and bedding sales in the U.S. amounted to an estimated 111.4 billion U.S. dollars. The furniture and bedding market is comprised of a wide range of product categories. Stationary sofas/sofa-sleepers and bedding are the categories which lead the way in terms of consumer spending. Ashley HomeStore, Mattress Firm, IKEA, and Williams-Sonoma are some of the key retailers operating within the U.S. furniture market. Ashley HomeStore was the top ranked furniture store in the United States as of 2017.
 This graph shows the revenue Live Nation Entertainment generated with its concert business from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue amounted to 8.77 billion US dollars. Live Nation Entertainment's concert revenue Live Nation Entertainment draws revenue from the following segments of its activities: sponsorship and advertising, ‘Artist Nation’ (artist management services), ticketing and concerts. The concert business involves operating music venues and promoting the live music events taking place. In 2012, after two years of relatively weak results, Live Nation Entertainment managed to top its 2009 concert revenues, which amounted to 3.7 million US dollars. Growth in 2011 amounted to more than 10 percent and was the highest among all segments Live Nation operates. What is more, concert revenue made two thirds of Live Nation’s total revenue for 2012, firmly confirming the segment’s place as the most important revenue source for LNE. Live Nation Entertainment organized over 25 thousand concerts around the world in 2015. Live music is a popular and profitable form of entertainment. In 2016, the tour which brought in the highest revenue globally was the tour of Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, which generated over 268 million U.S. dollars. In North America, Beyonce ranked first, generating 169.4 million with her tour in the same time period. 
 This statistic shows the number of tourist arrivals in Belgium from 2006 to 2018. Tourist arrivals in short-stay accommodation in Belgium have generally increased over this period, from around 12 million in 2006 to approximately 17.6 million by 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average size of households in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, the average size of households in Alabama was 2.57 people. 
 This statistic shows the total amount of student loans that was offered by different sources to students in the United States from 1998/99 to 2018/19. In the academic year 1998/99, a total of 52.7 billion 2018 U.S. dollars was offered to students across the United States in the form of loans. By 2018/19, this amount had increased to 106.2 billion 2018 U.S. dollars. 
 2018 saw the largest expenditures on Medicaid in U.S. history. At that time about 629.3 billion U.S. dollars were expended on the Medicaid public health insurance program that aims to provide affordable health care options to low income residents and people with disabilities. Medicaid was signed into law in 1965. By 1966 just under 1 billion U.S. dollars were spent on the program. Groups covered by Medicaid There are several components of the Medicaid health insurance program. The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) was started in 1997 to provide health coverage to families and children that could not afford care. As of 2016, children represented the largest distribution of Medicaid enrollees. Despite having the largest proportion of enrollees, those that were enrolled in Medicaid as children had the lowest spending per enrollee. As of 2016, disabled Medicaid enrollees had the highest spending per enrollee. Medicaid expenditures Currently, Medicaid accounts for 17 percent of all health care expenditure in the United States. Expenditures on Medicaid programs vary among the U.S. states and depend heavily on whether Medicaid expansion was accepted after the Affordable Care Act was enacted. California and New York are the top states with the highest Medicaid expenditures. It is projected that Medicaid expenditure will continue to increase at both the state and federal levels. 
 Footballer Cristiano Ronaldo heads the ranking of the most popular Instagram accounts. He is the most-followed person on the photo sharing app platform with almost 205 million followers. Instagram's own account was ranked first with almost 334 million followers. Instagram is a photo-sharing social networking service that enables users to take pictures and edit them with filters. The platform allows users to post and share their images online and directly with their friends and followers on the social network. As of June 2018, the cross-platform app reported more than 1 billion monthly active users. Currently, there are almost 105 million Instagram users in the United States and experts project this figure to surpass 130 million users in 2022. Instagram audiences are predominantly young – recent U.S. data states that half of Instagram users are aged 34 years or younger. Spring 2018 data reveals that Instagram is also one of the second-most important social networks of teenage internet users and one of the most-visited social networks among teenagers in the United States. Brands are keen to reach Instagram audiences as users of the social network show high engagement rates with the displayed content. Sports content such as NBA and NFL, as well as sporting sites Bleacher Report and Barstool sports have highly engaged audiences on the platform and it is not uncommon for athletes to generate additional income with social media advertising. Unsurprisingly, Ronaldo ranks first again, as the average media value of one of his Instagram posts is 735,386 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the estimated net worth of the 20 richest people in America as of 2019. At this time Jeff Bezos was the richest man in the United States with an estimated net worth of 131 billion U.S. dollars. Richest people in the United States - additional information Every year since 1982, the American business magazine Forbes has been compiling lists of the 400 richest people in the United States, known as the “Forbes 400.” In addition to that, since 1987, the publication has also been compiling a ranking of the 500 richest people in the world (excluding royalty and dictators), as well as more specialized tops, such as “World's Most Powerful Women,” “America's Richest Families,” “Most Valuable Brands” or “30 Under 30,” which focuses on young entrepreneurs from various fields which have gained millions in the past year by the use of social media, technical innovations and generally new and fresh approaches to business. 
 The statistic shows the men's college basketball teams with the most NCAA Division I championships from 1939 to 2019. UCLA has won the championship a record eleven times. NCAA college basketball championship - additional information NCAA Men’s Division I Basketball tournament, also known as “March Madness”, is the most important competition for collegiate basketball, which is the second most followed college sport in the U.S. In a single-elimination format, 68 college basketball teams fill out the bracket and play for the championship title. There are several rounds of the tournament; first round, also known as “Round of 64”, the second round or the “Round of 32”, regional semi-finals, called "Sweet Sixteen", the regional finals, commonly known as the "Elite Eight", national Semi-finals, referred to as the "Final Four" and lastly, the championship game. In 2016, the NCAA March Madness average TV viewership consistently increased as the tournament unfolded. Round of 64, for example, had an average audience of 2 million viewers per game, while Final Four games’ average viewership was at almost 11 million viewers per game. The North Carolina Tar Heels have the most Final Four appearances with 20. The Tar Heels hold six championship titles putting them in the top three teams who have the championship the most. UCLA leads the rank in regards to championships as the Bruins have won a record 11 championships. The Kentucky Wildcats have the second most championships, a total of 8 titles. Both UCLA and Kentucky have made it to Final Four 17 times. Even though the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team has only won two men's NCAA college basketball championships and appeared in a total of nine Final Four rounds, they have played in four of the top 10 highest-rated televised NCAA basketball national championship games. The highest-rated game ever was the national championship game matchup between the Wolverines and Indiana State Hoosiers in 1979, with a rating of 24.1. 
 This graph shows state and local government debt in the United States as a percentage of Gross Domestic Product for the 2017 fiscal year, by state. In 2017, total state and local government debt in the state of New York amounted to 21.83 percent of the annual Gross Domestic Product of the state. The national debt of the United Stated can be found here. 
 This statistic shows the country ranking of the 2019 Social Progress Index. Leading the ranking was Norway with a total index score of 90.95.The Social Progress index measures the extent of which countries provide for the social and environmental needs of their citizens. The index consists of 52 indicators in total. 
 This statistic compares price level index data of selected countries in 2018. Prices in Switzerland were around 27.7% higher than the U.S. average in 2018. This suggests that Switzerland is overall more expensive than the U.S. The price level index comparison shows similar results as the popular Big Max Index, which is also topped by Switzerland where a Big Mac costs 6.62 U.S. dollars. 
 HSBC posted a profit of 8.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, down from 15 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. In the same time period, operating income of the bank increased from 63.6 billion U.S. dollars to 71 billion U.S. dollars. HSBC bank HSBC is a British banking and financial services company and one of the major players on the global banking market. The bank is one of the most valuable banking brands in the world. As of February 2019, HSBC was ranked 10th, with a brand value of 20.19 billion U.S. dollars. HSBC is also one of the top global banks in terms of value of market capitalization. HSBC brand and people The fact that the bank is a recognized brand all over the world helps the bank attract investors, clients, and employees. The total number of employees at the bank is in the hundreds of thousands, with main employment centers being the United Kingdom, India, Hong Kong and Mainland China. 
 The city of Miami has hosted the most Super Bowls in the history of the NFL. The Florida city has hosted the showpiece event on eleven occasions, most recently when it welcomed fans from around the world at the Super Bowl in 2020. The history of the Super Bowl The first four editions of the Super Bowl, contested from 1967 to 1970, were played between the champions of the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League (NFL). The rival leagues merged ahead of the 1970 season, making Super Bowl V in 1971 the first championship game in the modern era of the NFL – Super Bowl LIV in 2020 will be the 50th as a united league. The Super Bowl trophy was renamed the Vince Lombardi Trophy ahead of Super Bowl V in honor of the former Green Bay Packers coach who passed away at the start of that season – Lombardi led the Packers to two of their four Super Bowl wins. A century of NFL football The NFL celebrated a landmark occasion during the 2019 season: it is the 100th season of the league. The inaugural season of the American Professional Football Association – later renamed the NFL – took place in 1920, and two of the founding teams remain to this day: the Chicago Cardinals (now known as the Arizona Cardinals) and the Decatur Staleys (now Chicago Bears). It would be fitting if the oldest rivalry in the NFL contested the Super Bowl in 2020, adding to their combined three Super Bowl appearances. 
 This graph shows the total number of students enrolled in public elementary and secondary schools in Canada in the academic year 2017/18, distinguished by province. In the academic year 2017/18, about two million students were enrolled in public elementary and secondary schools in Ontario. At this time, there were a total of around 4.86 million students enrolled in public elementary or secondary schools in Canada, a slight increase from previous years. With a primary school enrollment rate of 99.5 percent in 2017, Canada is one of the countries with the highest share of students in primary schools. 
 German software company SAP reported revenues of around eight billion euros in the fourth quarter of 2019, marking the company’s seventh successive quarter of revenues in excess of six billion euros. Q4 2019 is the company’s highest quarterly revenue figure to date. SAP Established in 1972, SAP has made a name for itself as a top vendor of business and enterprise software tools. Software support is the company’s largest segment, accounting for more than ten billion euros in yearly revenue in each of the past four fiscal years. Research and development is a major source of expenditure for SAP, with the company spending billions of euros each year in order to improve its offerings and develop new tools. The company’s S/4HANA enterprise resource planning platform is one of its biggest products and as of 2019 has over 12,000 subscribers, many of which are businesses. Enterprise Resource Planning (ERP) Enterprise Resource Planning is a massive and highly competitive market, which plays host to many successful companies such as SAP, Oracle, and Microsoft. Expected to reach nearly 86 billion dollars in revenue per year by 2022, the ERP market continues to grow and provide organizations around the world with the tools needed to manage their operations. 
 This statistic represents General Electric's research and development costs from the fiscal year of 2010 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the company incurred around 4.9 billion U.S. dollars in research and development costs. 
 The Gross domestic product of the United Kingdom in 2019 was 2.21 trillion British pounds, an increase when compared with the previous year. From 2000 to 2008 the UK’s GDP increased each year, except for 2009, when the British economy shrunk. By 2010 GDP had recovered and resumed its steady growth. Could there be a recession in 2019? Although the UK's economy has shown a net increase during this time period, the growth rate has slowed in recent years. In 2014 the UK's economy showed a year-on-year increase of 3.1 percent, but by 2018 this had decreased to 1.4 percent. In the second quarter of 2019, the UK economy shrank by 0.2 percent, with a technical recession confirmed if the economy shrinks in the third quarter of the year. Comparisons with Europe The UK currently has the second-largest economy in Europe, after Germany whose GDP amounted to around 3.386 trillion Euros in 2018. France has a similar-sized economy to the UK, at approximately 2.34 trillion Euros and was the third-largest European economy in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Toronto Raptors franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 2.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total volume of U.S. exports of trade goods and services from 2010 to 2019, by quarter. About 625.79 billion U.S. dollars worth of goods and services were exported from the U.S. in the third quarter of 2019. 
 This statistic represents domestic passenger car production in the United States from 1999 to 2018. In 2018, around 2.8 million passenger cars were produced in the United States, a decrease of almost 250,000 units from 2017. In this graph, passenger car figures include station wagons. 
 This statistic contains data on Zynga's monthly active users. In the third quarter of 2019, the social network game developer based in San Franscisco, California, reached an average of 67 million monthly active users. At the same time, Zynga reported daily active user numbers reaching 20 million. 
 As of December 2018, the Chinese internet company, headquartered in Shenzhen, had 54,309 employees, most of whom were based in the Special Economic Zone of Shenzhen. The tech giant earned over 50 billion yuan from its value-added services.
 Halliburton, one of the world’s largest oil service providers, employed 60,000 people in 2018. Background on Halliburton Halliburton is an American multinational corporation founded in 1919. Headquarted in both Houston, Texas, and Dubai, it is now one of the largest oil field service companies in the world. It first started off as the New Method Oil Well Cementing Company. Throughout the 20th century, Halliburton continuously expanded and drilled more oil wells throughout the United States. The company is now focused on services in the energy industry that correspond with the exploration, development, and production of gas and oil. Comprised of two segments, Competition and Production, and Drilling and Evaluation, Halliburton operates in over 80 countries worldwide. Halliburton's financial performance Despite Halliburton being one of the largest oil service providers in the world, their revenue has fluctuated widely in the past decade. However, most recently, their revenue has increased from 2017 to 2018. Not only has their revenue considerably waivered, so has their net income, which also increased from 2017 to 2018. Their total assets started to fall after 2015, but as of 2018 the company’s total assets were worth 26 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Canada from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Canada was at about 4.3 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic represents global casting production worldwide in 2017, with a breakdown by major country. In 2017, the production of castings in India's foundries amounted to around 12 million metric tons. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Nepal from 1984 to 2019, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2019, the GDP in Nepal was at around 29.81 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In January 2020, the price for one barrel of West Texas Intermediate (WTI) crude oil stood at some 57.52 U.S. dollars. WTI is also known as "Texas light sweet", and is a grade of crude oil often used as a benchmark for oil pricing. Price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil, monthly WTI is also known as "Texas light sweet" and is a grade of crude oil. This crude oil has an API gravity of around 39.6 and specific gravity of about 0.827, which, relative to other crude oils is considered “light,” hence the name. WTI also contains about 0.24 percent sulfur, making it a “sweet” crude oil. WTI is often used as a benchmark for oil pricing, making the price of Texas light sweet economically significant. The price of WTI can be compared to the prices other of crude oils, i.e. UK Brent crude oil, the OPEC crude oil basket, and Dubai Fateh oil. Prices of WTI per barrel are on average lower than those of the two other crude oils, with the price of OPEC basket oil reaching 65.09 U.S. dollars per barrel in January 2020, and the UK Brent crude oil price at 63.82 U.S. dollars per barrel that month. WTI crude oil is also the underlying commodity of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange’s oil futures contracts. The recent price development of WTI crude oil relative to Brent crude oil has been influenced by variances in U.S. crude oil transportation and increased U.S. oil production per day. New transportation infrastructure became operational in the United States in early 2013, easing the movement of crude oil in the U.S. midcontinent and raising the price of WTI. Since then, U.S. refineries have increased production of crude oil to record levels, also raising the price of WTI. Meanwhile, expedited crude transport in the U.S. put downward pressure on Brent crude oil as domestic crude replaced some imported Brent crude. Between 2014 and 2016, UK Brent prices dropped rapidly, as was the case for all other crude oils. 
 The statistic shows a breakdown of Steam gaming platform users as of October 2019, broken down by the type of operating system used. The most frequently used OS was Windows 10 (64 bit) at 76.23 percent. 
 The statistics depicts the number of registered ice hockey players in the United States from 2010/11 to 2018/19. In the 2018/19 season, there were a total of 567,908 registered ice hockey players in the United States according to the International Ice Hockey Federation. 
 Plastic surgery is a growing industry globally. Many countries are known for their expertise in plastic surgery; however, some have greater numbers of surgeons than others. As of 2018, the U.S. had the largest number of plastic surgeons globally with 7,009 surgeons. Brazil had the second largest number of plastic surgeons with 6,393. Australia had the fewest among the major countries with just 535 plastic surgeons. Cosmetic procedures globally There are both surgical and non-surgical cosmetic procedures. The U.S. and Brazil also have the highest number of surgical and nonsurgical cosmetic procedures among the top countries globally. Globally the top nonsurgical cosmetic procedures include botulinum toxin and hyaluronic acid. As for the top surgical cosmetic procedures, breast augmentation and liposuction were the most performed procedure in 2018. Costs of cosmetic procedures in the U.S. Surgical procedures also have varying price points. There are several factors that can contribute to the cost of various surgical procedures including surgeon’s fee, facility fees and anesthesiologist fees. In the U.S. the most expensive surgical procedures include lower body lifts, facelifts and tummy tucks. Among nonsurgical cosmetic procedures ablative laser skin resurfacing, nonsurgical fat reduction and ablative fractional resurfacing are the most expensive. 
 Around 5.4 million air conditioners (A/Cs) were shipped in the United States during 2019. Total shipment figures fluctuate year to year, but generally fall between 3.5 and 6 million, with a few notable exceptions such as the 6.47 million sold in 2005. Air conditioner market Having been invented over a century ago, air conditioner products comprise a mature and relatively stable market of the overall household appliance industry. In the United States, the total number of air conditioners exceeds the country’s population, and by 2030, forecasts suggest that China will play host to over a billion A/C appliances. Room air conditioners are by far the most popular type, while all-in-one packaged A/Cs account for a much smaller portion of overall demand. The top brands differ by country. The U.S. heating, ventilation, and air conditioning (HVAC) market is dominated by American and Irish brands like Carrier, Trane, and York, while the South Korean air conditioner market is dominated by its own domestic giants in LG and Samsung. Overall, global demand for air conditioners is on the rise, and as the world becomes increasingly developed, this technology that was once seen as a luxury is now becoming more and more commonplace. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in current prices in Australia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Australia amounted to approximately 56,420.2 U.S. dollars. The same year, the Australian inflation rate, another important indicator for its economic situation, amounted to 2.49 percent. For comparison, global GDP was estimated at almost more than 77 trillion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 The statistic depicts the rate of urbanization in Mexico from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is measured as the proportion of urban population in the total population. In 2018, around 80.16 percent of the Mexican population lived in urban areas. 
 The statistic shows the median household income in the United States in 2018, by age of householder. In 2018, the real median household income for householder aged 15-24 was at 43,531 U.S. dollars. 
 Cats are a popular choice in Europe when it comes to pet ownership, although we don’t see them outside as often as their canine friends. As shown in this statistic, Germany and France are the two countries leading the list of cat owners in the EU, with the former’s narrow win. While Germany also ranks as the top EU country with the highest number of pet dogs, cats still win in European households. EU loves cats Compared with the cat population in Germany, France and the United Kingdom, countries such as Latvia, Ireland and Estonia had a low number of household felines. Yet across Europe in general, the number of cats has gone up significantly since 2010. In 2017, the EU alone was home to a large population of cats, making them the most preferred pets. Cat food in pet care industry The population of household cats in the European Union also corresponds to the volume of the pet care industry in this region. Between 2010 and 2017, pet food industry achieved steady growth. In 2016, it was the cat food and accessories sales value that had the largest share in the pet care market. 
 In 2019, HP Inc reached net earnings of 3.15 billion U.S. dollars, down from 5.33 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, the highest net earnings in over five years. In 2012, then HP Company’s net earning plummeted to negative 12.6 billion U.S. dollars, as the company began a drastic reshaping period whose results included a division into HP Inc and HP Enterprise Company.Changing business model In order to keep up with a shifting industry, HP Inc has renovated its business model into a flexible consumption model and positioned itself as the first company to offer a Device as a Service (DaaS) program. This emerging service model offers hardware to businesses on a monthly subscription basis. In 2019, HP Inc substantially expanded its business relationship with Xerox Corporation as partners with combined DaaS offerings. HP Company changes with the times HP Inc retains the Hewlett Packard Company’s personal computer and printer divisions, which have both see an increase in revenue over the last few years. As part of its push to remain a leader within the PC market, HP Inc acquired Samsung Electronics’ printer segment in 2017 for around 1 billion U.S. dollars and heavily invested in 3D printing technology and applications, a market that is projected to grow to around 23 billion U.S. dollars by 2022. 
 At the latest World Cup in Russia in 2018, a total of 169 tournament goals were scored at an average of 2.6 goals per game. The highest ever goals to game ratio was during the 1954 World Cup in Switzerland, where an average of 5.38 goals were scored in each of the 26 games. This number can be attributed to some unusually high-scoring games, which included Austria 7 Switzerland 5 and Hungary 9 South Korea 0. The final between West Germany and Hungary clocked in at a below-average 3-2. World Cup goal-festsThe 171 goals scored during the 2014 World Cup in Brazil equals the record for the most goals in a single World Cup along with France 1998. The World Cup in France was also the first tournament which included 64 teams in the main event, a vast increase on the 18 teams that took part in the very first World Cup in Uruguay in 1930. World Cup goal kingsGermany’s Miroslav Klose holds the record for the most goals ever scored at the World Cup. The striker scored his sixteenth and record-breaking goal in Germany's 7-1 semi-final demolition of Brazil during the 2014 World Cup. His first World Cup goals came 12 years earlier at the World Cup in South Korea and Japan in 2002. He scored a hat-trick during Germany’s 8-0 victory against Saudi Arabia in the group stage and went on to score two more goals during the tournament. The top goal scorer at the 2002 World Cup was Brazil’s Ronaldo, who comes in at second on the all-time leading scorers at the World Cup. 
 This statistic shows the research and development (R&D) expenditure of Monsanto from 2008 to 2017. In 2017, the company invested approximately 1.61 billion U.S. dollars in research and development. Monsanto was an agricultural company specialized on genetically engineered seeds. The company was headquartered in St Louis, Missouri. In September 2016, Bayer finalized a deal to take Monsanto over, which was completed on June 7, 2018. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Kenya from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Kenya's real gross domestic product grew by around 6.32 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, the travel and tourism industry in India contributed around 247 billion U.S. dollars to the country’s GDP. In 2017, the country welcomed over 10 million foreign tourists , generating foreign exchange earnings of over 27.31 billion U.S. dollars. Domestic travel on the rise With a rich culture, ancient monuments, and mesmerizing natural beauty, India is one of the leading tourist destinations in the world. This holds true not only for foreign tourists, but also for the increasingly monied middle-class of the country who are spending more time and money than ever before on domestic travel. In 2017, the domestic expenditure on tourism was around 186 billion U.S. dollars. At the same time, the collective government spending on the tourism sector that year was about 2.61 billion dollars. The cost of tourism It comes as no surprise that out of the most visited monuments in India, the Taj Mahal in Agra ranks number one for both foreign as well as domestic tourists. Along with these popular tourist destinations, travellers are also exploring many other destinations in the country, like the pristine high-altitude plains of Leh and Ladakh or the lush green north-eastern forests. It now remains to be seen whether and how well the country manages to balance the influx of people with its efforts for the historical sites and natural resources conservation. 
 From 2010 to 2015, household electricity prices saw an overall increase, peaking at 21.83 euro cents per kWh in the second half of 2015. This decreased in the following years, but by the second half of 2018 prices had increased to 20.24 euro cents. On average, the UK pays some of the highest electricity prices in Europe. Annual electricity bills In 2017, the average annual domestic electricity bill for those with an electricity consumption of up to 3,800 kWh was 583 British pounds. In comparison, those with a consumption of 6,000 kWh paid 785 British pounds. During the period in question, the average bill for consumption of up to 3,800 kWh was cheaper. Payment methods also affect electricity bills, with consumers who used direct debit consistently paying the least. Overall electricity expenditure In 1970, the overall expenditure on electricity by all end users in the UK amounted to 1.5 billion British pounds. This increased dramatically in the following decades and amounted to approximately 35 billion pounds by 2017. 
 This statistic shows the projected average starting salaries for Bachelor's degree graduates in 2020 in the United States, by discipline. In 2020, Bachelor’s degree graduates earning engineering degrees are projected to have an average starting salary of 69,961 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Dallas Cowboys from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Dallas Cowboys was 90,929. 
How much is a pedicure in the U.S.? In 2019, nail salons in the U.S. charged an average price of 35.46 U.S. dollars for a basic pedicure. Nail salons in the U.S. Nail salons are establishments where people are able to get services done to their nails. Since 2015, the number of nail salons in the United States has been steadily decreasing. In order to work at a nail salon, one must be licensed. Average spending on nail salon services in the United States has also been steadily decreasing since 2014. Services offered at nail salons in the U.S. Nail salons offer a variety of different services which include manicures, pedicures, gel-polish, and acrylics. The second most common service offered in the United States in 2019 was gel-polish. Gel-polish comes in two different types, hard gel and soft gel. Hard gel is essentially a nail extension, whereas soft gel is not hard enough to become a nail extension but rather it is a polish for gel overlay. The average price of a manicure in the United States in 2019 stood at 22.75 U.S. dollars. Manicures are nail treatments done to the fingernails, which are made up of filing and shaping the nail, shortening the cuticles, treating the nails, and applying a nail polish, whereas pedicures are the same but are done to the toenails. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Nigeria from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Nigerian population was 17.9 years. 
 In 2019, Venezuela’s gross domestic product (GDP) per capita dropped to 2,547 U.S. dollars from 3,410 U.S. dollars the year before. the country's GDP has been on a continuous downswing for about a decade now - in 2011, it amounted to more than 11,000 U.S. dollars, and seemed to recover from a sudden slump again in 2015, before decreasing rapidly ever since. GDP per capita is a measurement of a country’s economic output that accounts for its number of people, thus making it a good measurement of a country’s standard of living. Unfortunately, Venezuela’s GDP per capita is expected to continue to decrease through 2021. A time of economic hardships Currently, a major economic crisis is shaking Venezuela, resulting in hyperinflation, food and water shortages, and unemployment. Venezuela’s inflation rate has skyrocketed to over 900,000 percent in 2018, and the economy is suffering, with the Venezuelan GDP growth decreasing substantially each year since 2014. A population affected by instability In response to the economic and political climate, many are leaving the country for places such as Colombia, Peru, and Ecuador, with hopes for more stability and better economic prospects. Due in part to this, Venezuela’s population growth has decreased consistently over the last five years: In 2019, the country’s population was around 28 million inhabitants - a figure that is estimated to decrease further in the future. 
 During a survey in June 2019, it was found that just 14 percent of U.S. adults visited a movie theater one or more times per month, but 46 percent stated that they went to the cinema to watch a movie once or year or less. Another survey earlier in the same year revealed that visits to the cinema can vary according to generation. On average, 34 percent of Gen Xers had seen one movie within the last month, compared to 43 percent of those classed as being members of Generation Z. Meanwhile, Boomers had seen far fewer movies recently than their younger counterparts. Why don’t more people visit movie theaters? The reticence to go to cinema to watch a movie could have to do with rising ticket prices in North American movie theaters. Back in 2001, the average ticket price was 5.66 U.S. dollars. Five years later in 2006, this price had risen to 6.55 dollars. In 2018, a visit to the movies cost 9.11 U.S. dollars per ticket on average. This means that the cost of seeing a movie has almost doubled in 17 years. Admittedly the increase in price has been gradual, growing by roughly 10 to 50 cents each year, which doesn’t sound like much. However, for a family of four in 2018 the cost of a trip to the movies could amount to over 35 dollars, and that’s without any trimmings like popcorn, soda or snacks, which moviegoers say they like to buy. Is streaming affecting movie theater attendance? It has been noted that the growth of entertainment options offered by streaming services could have an effect on whether or not people are willing to leave their homes to visit a movie theater. Why leave the house and pay around nine dollars per ticket when you already pay for a streaming subscription and can choose from hundreds of different movies from the comfort of your own couch? The sheer amount of options on platforms like Netflix make it all too easy for film lovers to decide against going out and to spend their dollars on subscription upgrades instead of cinema tickets. It’s hard to ignore that times are changing and that movie theater attendance may never be what it once was. But, as long as streaming services continue to offer an abundance of films within different genres from all across the world, the movie fans out there will still have a way to engage with film in the way they choose. 
 The statistic presents the leading eSports players worldwide as of December 2019, ranked by overall earnings. According to the estimates, Johan Sundstein, a player from Denmark, also known as N0tail, earned 6.89 million U.S. dollars throughout his recorded eSports gaming career. eSports gaming – additional information Video gaming is no longer a pastime of purported home-dwellers or arcade-loitering individuals; the professionalization of this activity has now validated it as a career choice for talented players to earn millions and sign lucrative sponsorship deals. What is more, the easy accessibility of eSports has been attracting audiences of all kinds. In 2018, 173 million eSports enthusiasts were identified to regularly follow the industry, with an even larger number of occasional viewers who tuned in to watch the bigger events. This figure is projected to grow steadily to a total of almost 650 million by 2022. Even though eSports is still in its formative stage, its market is already experiencing a rapid growth. In 2018, worldwide revenues generated in the eSports market amounted to 865 million U.S. dollars. By 2022, the market is expected to generate almost 1.8 billion U.S. dollars. These revenues come from betting, prize pools and tournaments, but overwhelmingly from sponsorship, which was estimated to bring in around 456.7 million U.S. dollars in 2019. In terms of revenue, North America is the largest eSports market overall, estimated to generate around 37 percent of the industry's revenue.
 This statistic shows the average trip length in the United States during the first quarter of 2014. In the first quarter of 2014, 25 percent of trip requests made on tripology.com were for trips lengths of five to six days. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Myanmar's gross domestic product amounted to around 68.67 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Boston Celtics games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 57.04 U.S. dollars. Boston Celtics The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team of the National Basketball Association (NBA) playing in the Eastern Conference of the league. The franchise was founded in 1946 and has been located in Boston ever since. Today, the Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden, which has a capacity of about 18,600 for basketball games. Celtics’ teams have won a total of 17 championships making it the most successful franchise in NBA history in terms of championships. Forbes ascribes the team a franchise value of 875 million U.S. dollars in 2014, an increase of about 20 percent over the previous year. Overall the Boston Celtics are the franchise with the fourth-highest value in the league behind the New York Knicks, the Los Angeles Lakers and the Chicago Bulls. On average, the franchises of the NBA had a value of 634 million U.S. dollars in 2014. In the 2012/13 season, the revenue of the Boston Celtics was at 169 million U.S. dollars. Boston Celtics games had an average per game attendance of 18,107 in the 2013/14 season. Total attendance was at about 742 thousand. The average ticket price for Boston Celtics games was at 70.79 U.S. dollars in 2014/15 according to Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index. The overall league-wide average ticket price was at about 54 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the yield of wheat per harvested acre in the United States from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, the U.S. wheat yield per harvested acre amounted to about 51.7 bushels in 2019 
 Content marketing was believed to be the most effective digital technique based on the responses of global marketers in early 2018. When asked to identify the single activity they thought would make the largest commercial impact on their own or their clients’ businesses, 20 percent pointed to content marketing. Following that was artificial intelligence and machine learning, big data, and social media marketing. Why could AI be beneficial for marketing? Across North America, Europe and Asia Pacific artificial intelligence is most commonly used in marketing data analysis. There are some differences between the regions, however, where Asian marketers seem to be more experimental with the use of AI and employ the technology in content creation, whereas North American and European industry professionals tend to utilize AI for automation of marketing processes such as personalization, optimization or programmatic advertising. It falls in line with what marketers really expect from AI – making their tasks easier and improving marketing effectiveness. Among those who have already used artificial intelligence in their marketing efforts, the majority claim that AI helped them with better content recognition, increasing sales and customer relations as well as facilitating new product launches. As a result, the majority of marketers are expecting to increase spending on artificial intelligence related initiatives by up to 50 percent in the near future. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were using Facebook as of February 2019, sorted by age group. During that period of time, 79 percent of respondents between 30 and 49 years used the social networking site. 
 This statistic represents the projected number of companies in the U.S. medical device industry from 2010 to 2014. In the United States, there were approximately 904 companies in this industry in 2010. Medical electrical device industry Notwithstanding the fact that the effects of ObamaCare on the medical device industry in the United States are yet to be determined, the US remains an attractive market with high potential for growth in the medical electrical device industry. In light of citizens’ increased access to health insurance, this industry is projected to grow at an annual rate of 6.6 percent from 2012 through 2017. Although the use of medical devices for therapeutic and diagnostic purposes is manifold, the highest grossing categories - including spinal devices, cardiovascular devices, neuromodulation devices and diabetes devices - are likely to remain fixed. The global medical device market was sized at around 250 billion US dollars in 2012, when the sports medicine devices segment contributed about six billion US dollars. Johnson & Johnson, General Electric, and Medtronic are ranked among the leading US-based companies in the field of medical electrical devices. In the fiscal year of 2013, Minnesota-headquartered Medtronic incurred a staggering 1.6 billion US dollars in research and development costs. In the same year, the medical technology company raked in revenues of just under 16.6 billion US dollars. By 2018, Medtronic’s revenue is projected to grow to around 20 billion US dollars. The company’s market share reached around five percent in 2013. 
 Approximately 37.9 million tourist visits were made to the UK from overseas in 2018, reflecting a decline for the first time this decade. Tourist numbers had been following an increasing trend, with over 39 million arrivals in 2017. However a hope of hitting the 40 million mark was missed as tourism began to slowdown. The number of overnight stays by visitors to the UK reflected a similar trend, with figures dropping in 2018. The data is based on interviews with passengers arriving and departing from the country and includes visits for all purposes, including for vacation, business, study, visiting friends and family and other leisure purposes. 
 The statistic shows the number of publicly owned, private and commercial motorcycles registered in U.S. states and the District of Columbia in 2017. In that year, there were about 27,800 registered motorcycles in Delaware. U.S. motorcycle registrations by state In 2016, California reported the highest amount of registered private and commercial motorcycles in the country, followed by Florida, Ohio, Pennsylvania and New York (all of them with over 390,000 registrations that year). Not only is California the U.S. state with the highest number of motorcycles, but it is also the most populous state in the U.S. overall, representing close to 12 percent of the country’s total population. At the bottom of the ranking are Mississippi, Delaware and the District of Colombia with less than 29,000 registrations, as well as less populous states, including Wyoming, and Delaware. Despite the efforts made by each state to provide accurate vehicle (in this case, motorcycle) registration data, occurrences that would lead to a duplication –re-registration stands as one of the main reasons for this– of registrations are stated to be inevitable. The information is forwarded to the Federal Highway Administration (FHWA), who compiles it into an annual series of statistics relevant to the study of highway systems throughout the country. 
 The statistic presents data on the global box office revenue of movies based on Japanese video games as of June 30, 2017. 'Resident Evil: The Final Chapter' generated 312.42 million U.S. dollars in the measured period. 
 This statistic displays information on the development of the average consumer book price in the United Kingdom (UK) as a four week moving average from October 16, 2012 to June 26, 2015. The average consumer book price as of June 26, 2015 was 7.48 British pounds. During the period of consideration, average prices generally ranged between seven and eight British pounds per book. Book prices peaked in September 2013 at 8.93 British pounds per copy. The lowest average price was registered in January of the same year at 6.74 British pounds. The UK book market is one of the largest worldwide. Among the country's leading publishing groups are Bertelsmann (Penguin Random House/Transworld), Hachette Livre (Headline/Hodder/Little Brown/Orion) and the News Corporation (HarperCollins). 
 This statistics displays the average number of steps that people in select countries worldwide took per day as of 2017. Of the counties analyzed, those in Hong Kong were found to have the highest average daily step counts, with 6,880. Those in Indonesia, on the other hand, took an average of only 3,513 steps per day. 
 The timeline shows Yelp's net revenue since 2007. In 2019, the local review and search site's revenue amounted to over 1.01 billion U.S. dollars, an increase from 952.8 million U.S. dollars compared the previous year. 
 This statistic gives information on the number of available gaming apps in the Google Play app store. As of the third quarter of 2019, approximately 349,563 mobile gaming apps were available, representing a 3.88 percent increase compared to the previous quarter. 
 Yellowstone National Park in the United States – the country’s oldest national park - attracted a total of approximately 4.02 million visitors in 2019, down from the previous year's total of 4.12 million. The park received over three million visitors annually since 2008 and reached its visitation peak in 2016 with 4.26 million visitors. U.S. National Park Service Established in 1872 and located predominantly in Wyoming, Yellowstone remains one of the country’s most popular national parks, ranking sixth in terms of visitor numbers in 2018. However, with over 11 million recreational park visits in 2018, the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, straddling the border between North Carolina and Tennessee, was by far the most visited national park in the United States. All national parks in the U.S. are managed, protected and presented by the National Park Service, an agency of the U.S. federal government. There were approximately 86 million visitors to national parks in the U.S. in 2018. National parks and the hospitality industry Visitors to national parks are a valuable source of income to the United States economy. In 2018, national park visitors spent nearly seven billion U.S. dollars on lodging and over four billion on restaurants and bars. 
 The country with the highest cost-per-click on Facebook in the measured period was the Czech Republic, where CPC reached over two U.S. dollars, whereas the lowest CPC on the platform was recorded in Switzerland, at three quarters of a dollar. The average for the studied countries amounted to 0.95 U.S. dollars. The United States placed slightly above the global average, with CPC valued at 1.1 U.S. dollars. Facebook CPCCPCs vary depending on the advertising campaign’s objective. If the aim is as simple as gaining post engagement, then CPCs are the least expensive. However, the more complex the objective, the higher the cost-per-click gets. The most expensive is app installs, which means that advertisers need to pay 0.3 U.S. dollars per click that leads to customers installing apps, compared to 0.02 U.S. dollars for post engagement. Brand awareness, page likes, reach and conversions are in the middle of the spectrum. All in all, after a spike in advertising costs in third quarter of 2017, when Facebook CPCs grew by 282 percent year-on-year, the company’s ad rates were being increasingly lowered thanks to their improved targeting and growing engagement. 
 This statistic shows the projected life expectancy worldwide from 1990 to 2100. By 2100, the worldwide life expectancy at birth is projected to be 81.69 years. 
 The statistic shows the brand value of the sports company Under Armour from 2012 to 2019. Under Armour had a brand value of 3.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 The statistic above shows the growth of Pandora's quarterly revenue from the first quarter of fiscal year 2011 to the third quarter of fiscal year 2019. In the last measured quarter, Pandora generated a total revenue of 447 million U.S. dollars. Here you can find information about Pandora's annual revenue. 
 This statistic shows the total number of live births in the United Kingdom (UK) from 1900 to 1930. The largest single year on year increase came from 1919 to 1920, not long after the end of the First World War, when births increased by 300,647. Despite the lower level of population, from 1900 to 1914 the number of live births was consistently above 1 million. A number only surpassed once since in this period, in 1920 at 1.13 million live births. Overall birth rates have been declining by 30 percent during this time. This trend continued until 1941 which can be viewed in a statistic in relation to the number of UK live births from 1931 to 1960, whereby the number of live births amounted to 695,726. The two years following the end of the Second World War saw a sharp increase in live births, with over a million recorded in 1947. Between 1931 and 1960 the birth rate had increased by 18 percent, and continued to grow until reaching slightly over one million live births again in 1964, this can be viewed in statistic regarding UK live births from 1961 to 1990. In the following years rates had fallen again by 21 percent and according to the birth rates from 1990 to 2015 they stayed at roughly 800,000 live births a year until 2015. 
 This statistic illustrates the results of a survey about the most active social media platforms in Germany in the third quarter of 2019. The most used social media platform in Germany was WhatsApp at 79 percent, closely followed by YouTube at 77 percent. On the opposite side, WeChat is used by four percent of respondents. 
 In the U.S. many employers pay a portion of health care costs for employees. As of 2015 the total annual medical costs for employees was 11.7 thousand U.S. dollars. That cost is expected to increase to 13.2 thousand U.S. dollars by 2019. There have been recent changes to employer-offered health care through the Affordable Care Act that requires employers with over 50 employees to offer affordable health care options to their employees. U.S. health benefits at work In the United States, both employers and employees may pay health care costs, depending on the work. In a recent survey U.S. residents were asked what benefits they expected from their employers, a vast majority of them said that they expect health care benefits. Despite the demand from employer-sponsored healthcare coverage, not all companies feel that they would be able to offer health coverage as an employment benefit. Another recent survey has illustrated that employer confidence in offering health insurance can change dramatically from year-to-year. U.S. sick leave benefits Another aspect of workplace health and wellness, is annual sick leave. In general, a majority of U.S. workers have access to a fixed number of paid sick days per year. However, a very small proportion of employees had access to paid sick leave as needed. As of 2017, around half of all employees utilized up to 5 days of sick leave per year. Despite that, there was still a large proportion, especially among those aged 18-30 years that went to work even though they were ill. 
 This statistic shows total domestic consumption expenditure in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2005 to 2018. Over this period, consumer spending in the UK increased, reaching approximately over 1.34 trillion British pounds in 2018. Household consumption expenditure looks at the overall spending on consumer goods and services of a wide variety. Some examples are government licenses and permits, such as a passport renewal or the price of train tickets to get to work. Housing may also be accounted for in these figures. This figure is measured by how much the consumer actually pays at the point of sale. All fast moving consumer goods such a beer, or cigarettes are also accounted for in this data. One part of the United Kingdom, Scotland, has seen as increase in its overall household expenditure year over year since 2009, with figures reaching almost 96 billion British pounds in 2016. There was a small decrease in expenditure in 2009, which was possibly a result of the economic recession which hit all of the United Kingdom hard at this time. This drop can also be seen when looking at the whole of the United Kingdom in this statistic. 
 This statistic shows the quarterly net revenue of eBay Inc. The online commerce and payments platform's revenue in the second quarter of 2015 was 4.38 billion US dollars, a 7 percent change from the first quarter of the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the total number of immigrants to Canada in 2019, by age. In 2019, 24,450 people aged between 20 and 24 years immigrated to Canada. 
 The statistic depicts the market share of sales of the leading U.S. skin care brands by segment over the fiscal year ending in April 2014. Nair depilatories accounted for 27.1 percent of that segments total sales. Olay Regenerist and Olay Regenerist Micro-Sculpting achieved 8.9 percent and 7.3 percent of the facial anti-aging product market, respectively. The pursuit of perfect complexion, as well as innovation within the category, has helped fuel sales of facial cleansers. 
 This statistic shows the most popular leisure activities among Millennials in the United States as of September 2013. During the survey, 19 percent of Millennials stated spending time with family and friends as a favorite leisure activity. 
 This statistic shows the number of Nintendo DS units sold worldwide from 2005 to 2015 (fiscal years). In the 2009/10 financial year, Nintendo sold 27.1 million units of the Nintendo DS. 
 KPMG’s workforce broke the 200,000 barrier for the first time in 2018, reaching 207,050 employees worldwide. In 2019, the professional services company reported almost 220,000 employees, the highest ever. KPMG worldwide KPMG are one of the largest consultancy firms in the world, being one of the Big Four accounting consultancy firms. Their largest market is the EMA region (Europe, the Middle East, Africa and India), with over half their staff based there – although, the EMA region accounts for less than half their total revenue. The company is divided into main three service lines: advisory, audit and tax. Advisory, which includes consulting services for management, risk, deals and strategy, is the largest of the three services globally, although more revenue is generated from auditing services in North America and the Asia Pacific region. Accountancy consulting services While the Big Four accountancy firms – Deloitte, PWC, EY and KPMG – are by far the largest consultancy firms in terms of market share, this does not mean they dominate the industry. In a recent survey of the U.S. market consultancy market, none of the Big Four were named among the top three most prestigious consultancy firms for 2019. Instead, this honor went to McKinsey & Company, Boston Consulting and Bain & Company. 
 Tourism is one of the main industries in Italy. In 2019, it represented roughly 13 percent of the Italian gross domestic product. The contribution of tourism to the Italian economy has been constantly growing and it is predicted to reach roughly 268 billion euros in 2028. Bella Italia Great art, interesting culture, beautiful landscapes and excellent cuisine – these are just some elements of the Italian dolce vita which attracts millions of tourists every year. The capital of Italy, Rome, recorded over 9.5 million arrivals of international tourists in 2018 and its emblematic monument, the Colosseum, was the sixth most instagrammed tourist attraction in Europe in 2017. Italy, the third most popular tourist destination in Europe In 2018, Italy ranked third on the European podium of countries with the largest number of international tourist arrivals, following the two leaders of the ranking, France and Spain. In the considered year, the spending of foreign visitors amounted to roughly 27.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Lebanon from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Lebanon amounted to about 6.07 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in wakeboarding in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, there were approximately 2.8 million participants in wakeboarding. Water sports Water sports such as wakeboarding, surfing, snorkeling, scuba diving, canoeing, kayaking and rafting draw millions of participants in the United States each year. Boating for recreational purposes is also very popular. At least 50 million people participate in recreational boating every year in some way in the United States, using a boat for activities such as water skiing, fishing and/or travel. Wakeboarding, for example, drew 2.8 million participants in 2016. 820 thousand of these participants were youths (aged 6 to 17 years) and about 572 thousand were young adults (aged 18 to 24 years). In 2018, there were 11.85 million registered recreational boating vessels in the U.S. 
 In 2019, Levi Strauss' net income amounted to approximately 394.98 million U.S. dollars. The company is most well-known for denim jeans brand, Levi’s, however they produce many different types of apparel products. Levi Strauss & Co. Levi Strauss & Co. (Levi's) is an apparel company that designs, markets and sells jeans, casual wear and other related accessories for men, women and children. The company is based in the United States, with its headquarters located in San Francisco, California. The company offers its products in different brands including Levi's, Dockers, dENiZEN and Signature by Levi Strauss & Co. Since its establishment, the business has grown and expanded at an enormous speed; quickly rising from a local outlet to an international business. The Americas region is the company's biggest market, generating close to 3.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. In 2018, the company employed approximately 15,800 people worldwide and generated a net revenue of around 2.55 billion U.S. dollars. The company produces various apparel products aside from jeans, including jackets, shirts, underwear, shoes, and dresses. Although the company holds a trademark over its jeans’ back pocket double arc stitching pattern, Levi Strauss & Co. has not generated as much as leading apparel retailers and manufacturers, such as Gap and PVH in terms of sales. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Kuwait from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Kuwait amounted to about 0.58 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The graph shows the average age of bachelor's degree graduates in Canada from 2000 to 2010. In 2010, the average age of students at the time of bachelor's degree graduation in Canada was 26 years. 
 This timeline shows the domestic consumption of orange juice in the United States from 2008/09 to 2018/19 and provides a forecast for 2019/20. U.S. domestic orange juice consumption was estimated to reach approximately 530,000 metric tons at 65 degrees brix in 2019/20. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of the FC Barcelona from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. According to Deloitte, in the 2018/19 season the revenue of the Spanish football club grew by 22 percent, to 840.8 million euros, with record matchday and commercial revenue for a football club. FC Barcelona - additional information FC Barcelona’s brand and team value increased significantly in 2014, thanks in part to the high-profile signing of Luis Suarez from Liverpool FC in July 2014. His acquisition for between 81 and 94 million euros broke Barcelona’s transfer record from 2009, when they bought Zlatan Ibrahimovic from Inter Milan for an estimated 69 million euros. However, Barcelona will be unable to utilize the 2015 winter and summer transfer windows as FIFA banned the club from buying players following the violation of its rules about the transfer of footballers aged under 18. FC Barcelona has been able to embark on a successful strategy of cutting costs and securing premium partners such as Audi and Estrella Damm, in addition to kit and shirt sponsorship from Nike and Qatar Airways. These elements resulted in FC Barcelona producing total revenue of over 484 million euros in the 2013-2014 season. For the 2014/15 season Barcelona also announced a global commercial partnership with Beko, which saw the company’s corporate logo placed on the sleeve of the team’s kits. The Camp Nou, Europe's largest football stadium, has a capacity of 98,787, with average attendance figures consistently over 70,000 in recent seasons. In the 2014/15 season, Barcelona’s average attendance was over 73,000, beaten only by Real Madrid’s average attendance of over 76,000. Despite all of these impressive feats, Barcelona continues to lag behind Real Madrid commercially and is the only one of out of world football's 'Big Four' (FC Bayern Munich, Manchester United, Real Madrid, FC Barcelona) to have never been named football's most valuable brand. As of 2014, FC Bayern Munich was the most valuable football brand in the world, with an estimated worth of 896 million dollars. 
 Arsenal FC currently leads the way with 13 FA Cup titles to the club’s name, the most recent win having come in 2017. Hot on Arsenal’s heels is Manchester United, whose 2016 victory marked their 12th victory in the oldest club competition in the world. A cup for the underdogs? There is often talk about the “Magic of the FA Cup” and how the competition brings up surprising results, with lower league teams beating higher placed ones. Indeed, the FA Cup has been won 10 times by teams outside the top division, most recently in 1980 with West Ham United’s victory over Arsenal. The rise of Chelsea FC The 2018 edition of the FA Cup was won by Chelsea, who beat Manchester City 1-0 in the final. This title marked Chelsea’s eighth success in the competition, drawing them level with Tottenham Hotspur on the overall number of titles. Six of Chelsea’s eight titles have come since the turn of the millennium, which can partly be attributed to the takeover of the club by Roman Abramovich in 2003. The billionaire owner has injected significant amounts of cash into the club, meaning that the club’s brand value has increased from 314 million U.S. dollars in 2011 to almost 1.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. This made Chelsea the third most valuable brand in the Premier League, just behind the two Manchester clubs. With this money comes the ability to attract superstars to the club and, in the 2018/19 season, the annual first-team player salary at Chelsea stood at over 5 million pounds. 
 This statistic provides information on internet user penetration in Brazil from 2017 to 2023. In 2016, 55.65 percent of the Brazilian population were accessing the internet. These figures are projected to grow to 78 percent in 2023. Brazil is one of the biggest online markets worldwide. 
 The statistic shows the share of furniture and home furnishings sales in total U.S. e-retail sales from 2017 to 2022. Furniture and home furnishings sales are expected to account for 14.4 percent of total retail e-commerce sales in the United States in 2023. Online furniture sales Online furniture sales represent one of the strongest e-commerce sales categories in the United States. In 2016, the e-commerce value of U.S. furniture and furnishings manufacturing shipments amounted to more than 40.7 billion U.S. dollars. Overall, the e-commerce share of U.S. merchant wholesale trade sales of furniture and home furnishings amounted to 20.9 percent. The growing online presence of traditional brick-and-mortal retail chains such as Target, the global expansion of multi-channel lifestyle brands e.g. Anthropologie as well as the U.S. subsidiaries of international retailers like Otto Group-owned Crate and Barrel are all factors in the trajectory of online furniture sales. Global competitors such as IKEA complete the picture. The increasing prevalence of online shopping as well as online flash sales, special offers, extensive product selection and home delivery are important influences that determine the demand and popularity of online furniture sales. Social media sites like Pinterest or lifestyle blogs also offer more exposure to interior design topics, prompting consumers to take a keen interest in DIY or redecorating. The strong online presences of contemporary tastemakers and trendsetters also impact and influence retail e-commerce sales. Current U.S. –based examples include Emily Henderson, who recently established collaboration with Target, as well as Joy Cho who has licensed product lines with various retailers. 
 Since the first half of 2010, household electricity prices in Portugal have seen an overall increase, rising to 22.93 euro cents per kilowatt-hour (kWh) in the second half of 2018. The highest price during the reporting period was in the first half of 2016, at 23.5 euro cents per kWh. Households with an annual consumption of 2,500 kWh to 5,000 kWh tended to pay more for their electricity compared to those with a consumption of between 1,000 kWh and 2,499 kWh. International comparisons Portuguese households pay some of the highest prices for electricity across Europe. In 2018, average household electricity prices were only higher in Denmark, Germany, Belgium, Italy and Ireland. In addition to paying some of the highest prices in Europe, electricity prices in Portugal are higher than in many countries worldwide. In 2018, prices were more than twice as much as the average household paid in the United States. One reason for the high prices in Portugal is the high tax burden. Approximately 52 percent of the price of electricity is tax related. Renewable electricity Portugal has seen its share of renewable electricity generation grow over the past decade, increasing from 32.3 percent in 2007 to 54.1 percent by 2016. Shares rose above 50 percent for the first time in 2014. 
 The graph shows the Hispanic population in the United States in 2016 and offers a forecast until 2060. According to this projection, there will be over 111.22 million people of Hispanic descent in the United States in 2060. 
 Roman Catholic was the most common religion affiliation in Mexico in 2018. In a survey carried out between July and August of 2018, almost 81 percent of Mexican respondents claimed to be of catholic faith, whereas the second most chosen religion was evangelism, with only 1.3 percent of the people interviewed. More than 10 percent of respondents answered they didn't profess any religion and a total of 0.4 percent defined themselves either as atheists or agnostics. 
 This statistic gives information on the percentage of female U.S. internet users who access selected social networks as of the third quarter 2019. During the survey period, it was found that 79 percent of female internet users in the United States used Facebook. 
 This statistic shows the per capita real Gross Domestic Product of New York from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the per capita real GDP of New York stood at 73,463 chained 2012 U.S. dollars. 
 At the beginning of 2017, 70 percent of consumers with an online video or music subscription confirmed that they had an active Netflix subscription at the time of survey. Millennials and Gen-Xers were more likely to have a Netflix subscription than their older peers, which comes as no surprise given that Netflix is considered the most indispensable TV and video source among consumers aged between 16 to 34 years old. One of the most appealing aspects of Netflix for viewers is the availability of original content, which has fast become one of the keys to the company’s success. Netflix and original content Netflix is the leading video subscription service in the United States with more than double the number of subscribers of competitors Hulu and Amazon, and also boasts a far larger catalogue of original content. This new trend of creating original shows and movies does not come cheap – Netflix’s video content budget grew five times in as many years and is predicted to increase even more in the future. In 2018, the company’s content budget amounted to a cool 12 billion U.S. dollars, over three billion more than in the previous year. Whilst reviews of Netflix’s original shows can be mixed, the platform is now known for several wildly popular titles including ‘Orange is the New Black’, ‘Stranger Things’, ‘House of Cards’ and ‘The Crown’. Moreover, during the same five year period in which Netflix ramped up its content spend, its original content titles won and were nominated for several Golden Globe awards, Emmys and even Oscars – a huge achievement for a company with its origins in the DVD-by-mail market. Netflix is not showing any signs of slowing its original content production down. A brief Google search reveals multiple articles detailing extensive release schedules and upcoming titles for viewers to get excited about, and it looks like the company’s millions of subscribers will have many more original titles to look forward to, binge watch and tweet about in years to come. 
 The statistic shows payroll taxes of 100 euros gross earnings in member states of the European Union in 2018. Payroll taxes include social contributions, the cost of professional education and training, the taxes on payroll or number of employees, and other special expenses. In 2018, payroll taxes of 100 euros gross earning amounted to 30 euros in the European Union. 
 The statistic shows the penetration rate of the Apple iPhone in Great Britain from the first quarter of 2011 to the third quarter of 2018. In the fourth quarter of 2011, the iPhone only had 15 percent penetration in British households. By the third quarter of 2018 this had risen to 43 percent penetration. iPhone is a line of smartphones designed and marketed by Apple Inc. The first iPhone was first released in 2007. Since then, many other versions were released such as the iPhone 3G, iPhone 5 and iPhone 6. The latest versions released by Apple were the iPhone 7 and 7 Plus in 2016. This line of smartphones run on the iOS mobile operating system by Apple Inc, and it holds a high share in the market of operating systems. 
 Over 3.8 million metric tons of poultry meat was consumed across India in 2019. There was a gradual increase in the consumption of this variety of meat. Chicken was arguably the most popular poultry meat consumed in the country. 
 This statistic depicts the kit sponsorship revenue of each German Bundesliga club in the 2019/20 season. FC Bayern Munich will receive 35 million euros from its kit sponsor Telekom in the 2019/20 season. 
 The statistic shows the percentage of households that own a microwave oven in the United Kingdom (UK) from 1994 to 2018. In 1994, when this survey started, 67 percent of households owned a microwave. As of 2018, that number had increased significantly to 93 percent of households. Microwave ovens heat the molecules directly using radiation and are therefore much faster at heating than a regular oven or pan. The first microwave oven was available for domestic use in the late 1960s, starting the home use of microwaves. They are often used to heat leftover foods, ready-made meals, or other ingredients used for cooking such as butter, but can also be used to heat up other items such as heating pads. Microwave oven penetration seems to have been stagnant since the mid 2000s in the United Kingdom. This may be attributable to the development of other kitchen appliances such as food steamers or immersion cookers. 
 The statistic presents a forecast about the development of the world population from 2015 to 2100. The world population in 2100 is estimated to be about 10.87 billion people. This would be an increase from 7.71 billion people in 2019. 
 This is a ranking of the top 20 export countries worldwide in 2018. China ranked first in exports with an export value of about 2.5 trillion US dollars. The leading import country in 2017 was the United States with an import value of about 2.4 trillion U.S. dollars Leading export countries worldwide China leads the world in exports in 2018. China was followed by the United States, with exports valued at 1.7 trillion US dollars, and Germany, with exports valued at 1.56 trillion US dollars. The value of goods exported from China grew immensely between 2002 and 2014. In 2002, China’s exports were valued at about 327 billion US dollars. China’s export value grew to 2 trillion US dollars in 2012, the first year in which China exported more than 2 trillion US dollars worth of goods. Year over year export growth remained above 17 percent between 2002 and 2012, except in 2009 and 2012. In 2010, export value grew by over 30 percent. By 2018, China accounted for about 12.8 percent of global merchandise exports and about 4.6 percent of global service exports. China’s greatest export product category in 2014 was machinery and transport equipment, of which they exported one trillion US dollars worth. United States exports, meanwhile, were valued at 1.7 trillion US dollars. In 2018, the greatest growth in export value occurred in oil and gas, where exports grew by 71.4 percent. Texas and California were the top two US states ranked by value of exports in 2019. Texas ranked first with exports valued at 301 billion US dollars. 
 Alaska saw the highest rape rate in the United States in 2018, with 161.6 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants. The lowest rate was found in New Jersey, with 16 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants. Sexual assault in Alaska Fighting sexual assault in Alaska is particularly difficult due to small, isolated, close-knit communities who can be wary of airing their dirty laundry to outsiders, as well as a low number of law enforcement employees in the state. In addition, Alaska’s low population is spread out over a large land area, meaning that in the event of an assault being reported to police, it can take law enforcement hours, or even days, to reach the most isolated communities. The victims of sexual assault There tends to be more reported female victims of sexual assault than male victims. However, since sexual assault is typically an underreported crime, especially among males, these figures could be, and probably are, much higher. In addition, many victims of sexual offenses tend to be young, although sexual assault can occur at any age. 
 The graph depicts the age group distribution of casino vistors in the U.S. in 2010. 25 percent of casino visitors were aged 65 years or older. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Poland from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Poland amounted to around 15,425.68 U.S. dollars. 
 Monaco is the European nation with the highest active social media penetration, as of January 2019. Monaco’s unique status as a small wealthy nation obviously plays a role in this rate. Malta, the country with the second highest rate, has an active social media penetration rate that is 11 percent lower. Leading social networks in the United Kingdom YouTube leads the way in terms of penetration in the United Kingdom (UK), with a rate of 77 percent. YouTube and Facebook are extremely similar with 77 percent and 76 percent respectively. Twitter is the next non-facebook entry on the list, at fourth place, achieving 43 percent. Facebook in the United Kingdom The UK is a significant market for Facebook, with approximately 36.34 million users as of May 2019. Facebook’s UK arm was able to generate revenues amounting to 1.27 billion British pounds in 2017, creating a gross profit of 506.54 million British pounds with costs of sales reaching approximately 758.66 million British pounds. There was a significant increase in revenue from 2015 to 2016, which according to Facebook UK Limited is attributable to the commencement of advertiser reseller services on the 1st of April 2016. 
 This statistic displays the office vacancy rate in London (UK) from 2006 to 2013 and a forecast thereof until 2019. Office vacancy rates are numerical calculations of all office space that is available to rent in any given market. The calculation is presented as percentage and it is the opposite to office occupancy rates. The office vacancy rate in London amounted to seven percent in 2013 (decrease from 10.2 percent in 2010) and it was projected to decrease further to 4.4 percent by 2019. Office vacancy rates are understood as one of the indicators, foretelling the future good or poor economic performance of the commercial sector in London. The lower the office vacancy rate, the better conditions for business, as companies have confidence in expanding and upgrading, and the market witnesses numerous new entries into the business. It is also interesting to juxtapose the projections for the leading European cities, such as for example the vacant office space in Frankfurt or office vacancies on the market in Paris, in view of the theory of global centers of business being interconnected and more similar to one another, than to the region they are located in. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Seattle Seahawks games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 111.79 U.S. dollars. 
 When asked what they think are the most important issues the Netherlands is currently facing, 66 percent of survey respondents stated to worry about the climate and environment. Another 31 percent was concerned about health and social security. By comparison, relatively few people named the government debt or unemployment. Four percent considered terrorism as one of the main issues the country has to deal with. Concern about global warming Climate change is a top concern among all generations in the Netherlands. A 2018 poll in which respondents were asked whether they consider global warming problematic or not, over two thirds of respondents in all age groups stated to consider it (very) problematic. Concern was highest among those older than 55 years (78 percent), but among the participants younger than 35 years 67 percent also stated to consider climate change a problem. Fear of terrorist attacks Although relatively few people stated to consider terrorism one of the main issues, another 2019 survey found that terrorism is still something that worries a considerable amount of Dutch. Over 30 percent of survey participants answered to worry a lot about terrorism, whereas only 23 percent did not worry at all about it, or very little. 
 In 2018, the average annual wage in South Korea reached 37,849 U.S. dollars after adjusting for purchasing power parity (PPP). The average salary in South Korea has steadily increased within the given period and the monthly wage was projected to reach around 5.4 thousand U.S. dollars in 2040, the highest value among the leading countries. Women in the job market The influence of women on the Korean economy is steadily rising. In 2018, the female employment rate reached its highest level, while the employment rate of the male population declined from the previous year. In Korea, about 70 percent of the male population and about 50 percent of the female population are employed. While the economic activity of women continues to increase, the gender pay gap still exists. On average, female workers earned about 66.6 percent of their male equivalents’ income. The average monthly income in South Korea is around 3.37 million South Korean won for men and about 2.1 million South Korean won for women. The average monthly income difference between men and women was highest among people aged 50 to 59 years old. By age group, men in their 40s and women in their 30s had the highest average earnings. Work-life balance Korea was ranked 3rd for the longest working time in the world. Many Korean workers contributed to the successful and rapid economic growth of Korea. At the same time, working hours also increased. In recent years, however, various measures have been put in place for workers, such as the 52-hour weekly work schedule and the flexible working system, to maintain a work-life balance. In fact, the percentage of companies with a flexible working hours system grew to 37.1 percent, an increase of about 15 percent over the past three years. The average monthly working hours of Korean workers has decreased over the past decade; in 2018, Koreans worked an average of 156.4 hours per month. According to a survey, seven out of ten Koreans said they would choose to work for a company where they can have a work-life balance over a higher salary. This tendency was greater, particularly among parents with children. 
 General Motors incurred around 6.8 billion U.S. dollars in R&D costs in 2019. This figure puts the car manufacturer's R&D intensity at five percent. That said, the company declared interest to enter into cost sharing arrangements with third parties. In December 2019, General Motors and LG Chem partnered up to invest in a production facility for battery cells in Ohio. 
 The statistic shows the total revenue of the European professional soccer market from 2006/07 to 2017/18. In the 2017/18 season, the total revenue of the European professional soccer market was estimated at 28.4 billion euros. 
 The statistic presents the number of M&A deals in the United States as of September 2019, by deal value. In that year, there were 281 M&A transactions valued at more than one billion U.S. dollars in the United States. The overall number of M&A deals in the 12 months ending September 30, 2019 amounted to 12,713. M&A deals in the United States – additional information Merger and acquisition (M&A) refers to the consolidation of two companies. The value of M&A deals in the U.S. amounted to roughly 154 billion U.S. dollars in August 2019. In the United States, commercial services sector accounted for largest share of merger and acquisition deals in the United States. Yet, deals in the industrial services sector had the highest overall transaction value. The majority of the M&A transactions in the U.S. did not disclose their deal value. From the ones that revealed their figures, a total of 698 deals were valued under 10 million U.S. dollars. Deals valued at more than a billion U.S. dollars amounted to 281, while 205 deals were valued between 500 to 999 million U.S. dollars. In 2017, the largest M&A deal in the United States, which was the acquisition of QUALCOMM, Inc by Broadcom Ltd, was valued at 88.21billion U.S. dollars. Goldman Sachs was the leading M&A advisor in the United States in 2015, managing M&A deals worth approximately 116 billion U.S. dollars. Lazard came close after, with about 85 billion U.S. dollars in M&A transactions. 
 This statistic depicts the global leading 10 asparagus producing countries in 2017. In that year, China was the biggest producer of asparagus worldwide, producing approximately 7.8 million metric tons of asparagus. The U.S. production of asparagus amounted to about 685 thousand cwt in 2015. 
 Škoda was the best-selling car brand in the Poland in 2019. The Czech automobile manufacturer (MMO 60894) had sold nearly 69,000 units in the Polish market that year, roughly six thousand units more than the second entry. Škoda cars have been produced since 1905, with number of vehicles produced having grown significantly in the following decades. As of 2000, it is owned by German automotive company Volkswagen Group. Škoda sells 957k vehicles worldwide In 2018, Škoda had sold approximately 957,000 vehicles in its serving markets in Africa, Asia-Pacific, Europe, the Middle East and South America. This was a consecutive increase since 2013. These sales resulted in Škoda being the fourth most profitable brand operating under Volkswagen Group that year. Škoda Octavia most popular model With three models represented in a list of most popular car models in Poland, Škoda ranked nearly above all its competitors. In 2019, the Octavia and Fabia models were the one of the leading new passenger cars sold in the country, Škoda Octavia having sold 20,375 units. 
 This statistic shows a forecast for the development of the real wages in the member states of the European Union in 2019. In 2019, the real wages in Finland are forecasted to increase by 1.9 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic illustrates the per capita use of rice worldwide from 2000/2001 to 2018/19, measured in kilograms per year. In 2016/2017 global per capita food use of milled rice amounted to 53.7 kilograms per year. 
 In the United Kingdom, retail sales tend to peak during the last month of the year, holiday shopping being the likeliest culprit. In December 2018, the sales value of retailing in the UK amounted to 51 billion British pounds, the highest in the last three-year period. 2018 was also the year in which UK retailing, including automotive fuel, delivered its shiniest results. In that year, an additional 18 billion British pounds were spent in the retail industry compared to 2017. Retail turnover on the climb Running parallel to this, the turnover of retail trade in the UK made significant strides. Over the past 10 years, UK retail businesses consistently generated improved turnover figures, with 2017 marking a big boost on the previous year. Online is driving retail With the increased penetration of online shopping in consumer lives, business strategies of retailers are changing. While online marketplaces are becoming regular staples of everyday life, high street retailers too are setting up online businesses to support their store sales. In the UK, the share of online sales in all retailing increased to its highest level as of January 2019. A regular force on the scene for some years already, online is now driving growth in the UK retail sector. 
 This statistic presents the most popular cities worldwide on Instagram as of December 2017, sorted by number of hashtagged posts. As of the measured period, London was the most popular city on Instagram with over 88.78 million mentions in hashtags. 
 Computer tomography (CT) scanners are vital medical technology used in the diagnosis and monitoring of various medical conditions. CT scanner utilize x-ray technology to make images of bones, vessels and other internal organs. As of 2017, Australia had the largest number of CT scanners per one million population with 64.35 scanners per million people. The country with the second most scanners at that time was Iceland with 44.33 scanners per million people. Diagnostic imaging Diagnostic imaging is a branch of medical technology that aims to use advanced technologies to create images of the human body for the purposes of diagnosing and monitoring medical conditions. There are several kinds of imaging available. Magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) is another type of medical imaging common in developed countries. As of 2017 Germany and the U.S. had the largest number of MRI units per million population. Usage of medical imaging also varies significantly among countries with France and the U.S. having the greatest number of examinations by MRI in recent years. Medical technology market globally The medical technology market has been an ever-expanding industry. With segments in diagnostic imaging, cardiology and optometry there is ample opportunities for new technologies to be utilized. The top medical technology segment based on market share in 2017 was in vitro diagnostics, followed by cardiology and diagnostic imaging. Among medical technology companies Medtronic and Johnson & Johnson were the top two based on worldwide revenue in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the maple syrup production in Canada from 2008 to 2019. Approximately 13.2 million gallons of maple syrup was produced in Canada in 2019, up from 9.8 million gallons the previous year. Maple syrup in Canada - additional information Maple syrup is most commonly associated with Canada, the product’s largest producer. The national flag of Canada also features a large red maple leaf. It is believed that the production of maple syrup dates back to the indigenous people of North America who discovered a way of processing maple tree sap into syrup and sugar. Maple sap is usually gathered in springtime when the weather conditions make it easy to collect the sap by boring holes into the trunk of the maple tree. The sap is then boiled down into maple syrup. Maple syrup is commonly used as a sweetener, a topping for pancakes and waffles or as an ingredient in baking. The volume of maple syrup produced in Canada fluctuates each year, but, on the whole, has almost doubled from just over five million gallons in 2008 to nearly ten million gallons in 2014. The vast majority of Canada’s maple syrup is produced in the eastern province of Quebec. As the leading maple syrup producer in Canada, Quebec has by far the largest number of maple farms and, as a result, the most maple taps. Exporting maple products is economically and culturally important for Canada and the value of maple product exports has risen steadily in recent years. In 2013, exports of maple products amounted to more than 278 million Canadian dollars. The largest share of Canada’s maple product exports are destined for the United States. Other leading destinations include Japan, Germany and the United Kingdom. 
 During 2018, the sales volume of ice cream manufactured in the UK amounted to approximately 328 million liters. From 2013 to 2014, sales fell by over a hundred million liters and have not recovered since. Before this decline, sales were rather stable at over 420 million liters. The wider UK market With the collapse in sales volume also came a collapse in sales value. While the sales value of ice cream in 2013 came to over 630 million British pounds, only a year later they amounted to 366 million pounds. Since 2014, the average expenditure on ice cream blocks or tubs has stagnated at 11 pence per person per week. The ice cream van has virtually vanished from British streets. The worldwide market Quickly summed up: the entire worldwide ice cream market is in decline. Goals of healthier – read sugar, fat, and dairy free – lifestyles have had a major impact on U.S. production and consumption. The same is true for the consumption in other markets in the world, such as Canada. The shift towards healthier eating is accompanied by a rising demand for products with a higher quality. 
 The unemployment rate of the United Kingdom in 2019 was 3.8 percent, the lowest it has been since the mid-1970s. From 2000 until the 2008 financial crash the unemployment rate in the UK fluctuated between 4.8 and 5.7 percent, before it rose suddenly in 2009 to 7.6 percent. After peaking at 8.1 percent in 2011, the unemployment rate gradually declined before returning to the levels seen in the early 2000s by 2015. Unemployment remains low in 2019 In the first quarter of 2019 the unemployment rate in the United Kingdom fell even further, to 3.8 percent, before increasing slightly in the second quarter to 3.9 percent. This amounted to approximately 1.3 million people unemployed people, which was around 700 thousand fewer than it was just five years earlier. Demographics of the unemployed Between 2000 and 2018, women have consistently had a lower unemployment rate than that of men. During the financial crisis at the end of the last decade for example, the unemployment rate for women peaked at 7.5 percent, whereas for men the rate was 8.6 percent. Young people are also far more vulnerable to unemployment, with the rate for those aged between 16-24 far higher than it is for older age groups. 
 The Fiat Ducato was the most common heavy goods vehicle (HGV) on the road in the United Kingdom during 2018. As of the fourth quarter of 2018, a total of 12,358 units had been registered. This was followed by the Iveco Daily and DAF Trucks Fa 45Lf. The number of HGV licensed Fiat Ducato vehicles was at their highest in 2018, having increased steadily since 2000. DAF Trucks most popular brand The most popular HGV brand was DAF Trucks. In 2018, the Dutch manufacturing company had sold 11,737 vehicles in the UK market, nearly 4,000 units more than the second entry, Mercedes. Number of extra heavy HGVs increasing The number of licensed HGV’s has been slowly increasing since 2012. The growing number of vehicles with a weight of over 41 tons was particularly noticeable, which amounted to approximately 114,900 in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the college basketball programs with the most appearances in the NCAA basketball tournament (March Madness, Big Dance). The basketball team of UCLA has participated 47 times in the tournament up to 2018. 
 In the 52 weeks ending on the March 25, 2018 the average retail price of liquid milk in the United Kingdom (UK) was 59 pence per liter. Over the period in consideration, from September 2015 to March 2018, the price increased by two pence. Production and retail Liquid milk is the most commonly made product from raw milk in the European Union. In 2016, Its production volume amounted to approximately 25 million metric tons. Between January 2016 and February 2019, the monthly farm-gate price of raw milk the EU increased from 29.69 to 34.94 euros per 100 kilograms. In 2017, British consumers spent the most on semi-skimmed milk, approximately 1.57 billion British pounds. Second and third most popular milk types were skimmed and whole milk, respectively. Global snapshot There are five regions that account for 65 percent of the global milk supply: Argentina, Australia, New Zealand and the United States. As of March 2019, apart from the European Union, supplies decreased year on year in all key regions, which has a high impact on the price paid for milk. 
 In 2018, LG Electronics reported a net income figure of about 1.3 billion U.S. dollars. In general, annual net income figures report a company’s revenues minus expenses over the course of a year and are highly affected by both expenses and corporate strategy. Changes between years are often quite variable as they include the expenses incurred in the form of large long-term investments in the expense column in addition to the usual yearly operating costs. That being said, 2018 marked a profitable year for LG with high net income figures, and a total revenue of about 55 billion U.S. dollars. LG Electronics LG Electronics is a subsidiary of the larger LG Corporation, a Korean company that has been operating throughout various industries since the 1950s. LG Electronics is one of the world’s largest producers of TV sets and ranks among the most valuable South Korean brands as of 2018. The company’s biggest segments are “Home Appliance and Air Solutions”, which includes its range of air conditioners, washing machines, refrigerators, and other appliances, and “Home Entertainment” which encompasses its range of TVs and speakers. The company directly competes with domestic rival Samsung and the companies produce many of the same types of consumer electronics. 
 Spain is gradually becoming older, or so it seems when looking at the latest studies which forecast that the average Spaniard would be 52.3 years old by the year 2050. The Mediterranean country featured a median age of 27.5 years old in 1950, but this trend shifted towards a steady ageing of the Spanish population in the subsequent years. Spain’s median age was expected to reach approximately 45 years by 2020. The depopulation of a country The population of Spain has been in decline for many years and was projected to decrease by nearly one million by 2023. This will not come as a surprise since Spain has the lowest fertility rate in the European Union, with barely 1.34 children per woman according to the latest reports. During the last ten years, the country featured a continuous population density of approximately 93 inhabitants per square kilometer – a figure far from the European average, which stood nearly at 121 inhabitants per square kilometer in 2017. Ageing: a common problem across the continent Data related to age in the Mediterranean country essentially behave in a similar fashion as the rest of its European counterparts, whose population is also slowly but surely getting older. This will not come as a surprise since Spain has one of the highest life expectancies at birth in the world and the lowest European fertility rate, which stood at 1.34 children per woman according to the latest reports. 
 This statistic shows the number of unemployed people in urban China from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, approximately 9.7 million people in urban China had been unemployed. Employment and labor force in China – additional information According to the graph at hand, absolute unemployment in China has gradually risen over the past decade. Although this increase suggests rising unemployment levels, a glance at the unemployment rate in China shows that national unemployment levels have remained stable at around four percent in recent years and even saw a slight decline from 4.3 percent to 4.1 percent in 2010, as the national labor force in China simultaneously had shown continuous growth. Nevertheless, due to the continuing demographic shift towards urban areas and coastal provinces as well as disadvantageous location factors, especially central and western regions in China face above average unemployment levels among their population. Among those regions, Hunan, Sichuan and Shandong displayed the highest number of unemployed people. As of 2017, Sichuan ranked first with over half a million unemployed people. It is also worth nothing, that the structure of youth unemployment in China has its own character. Those who are less educated were far less likely to be unemployed than those who were better educated. As of 2011, approximately 16 percent of Bachelor graduates had been registered as unemployed, whereas merely four percent of young people primary school education or lower did not have a regular job. 
 This statistic provides information on the most popular Facebook brands from Japan as of May 2019. During the measured period, Kyoto Fan had approximately 10.7 million global fans on the social network, followed by Rakuten with about 7.8 million followers. 
 This statistic displays the period which consumers are most likely to begin buying holiday gifts in the United States as of September 2019. Some 35 percent of survey respondents stated that they were likely to start their holiday shopping before the end of October in 2019. Holiday Season in the United StatesThe holiday season is just around the corner and it’s truly the best time of the year for both consumers and retailers of all shapes and sizes. Since the recession in 2008, Christmas holiday retail sales in the United States have grown steadily. In 2014, Christmas retail sales grew to about 620 billion U.S. dollars; a 4.1 percent increase from the previous year. The amount of money that U.S. consumers plan to spend on gifts has, however, fluctuated. A November 2018 survey revealed that U.S. consumers expected to spend, on average, 794 U.S. dollars in 2018; a decrease from 862 dollars in 2017. Ever the optimists, Millennials are approaching the holiday season with more vigor than older shoppers — putting them squarely at the top of many retailers' wish lists. A survey by Shullman Research Center revealed that 57 percent of U.S. holiday shoppers in 2015 will be Millennials. Black Friday is also the day most Millennials plan to begin their holiday shopping; roughly 67 percent according to a survey by Russell Research. For millions of people, Black Friday is the time to do some serious Christmas shopping --even before the last of the Thanksgiving leftovers are gone! It is the Friday after Thanksgiving, and it's one of the major shopping days of the year in the United States -falling anywhere between November 23 and 29. While it's not recognized as an official US holiday, many employees have the day off -except those working in retail. Ever since the start of the modern Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in 1924, the Friday after Thanksgiving has been known as the unofficial start to a bustling holiday shopping season. 
 This statistic shows the number of single-person households in the United States from 1960 to 2019. In 2019, approximately 36.48 million people were living in single-person households in the United States. 
 This statistic shows Royal Dutch Shell's spending on research and development from 2010 to 2018. In 2010, the company spent some 1.02 billion U.S. dollars on R&D. Royal Dutch Shell is one of the leading oil and gas companies worldwide, operating in every segment of the oil and gas industry. The company is headquartered in the Hague, Netherlands. In 2018, R&D spending was 986 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the average inflation rate in China from 2007 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in China was around 2.1 percent compared to the previous year. Inflation rate in China – additional information The Consumer Price Index for China is calculated using a product basket that contains a predefined range of products and services on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. Included are expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. The inflation rate is then calculated using changes in the CPI. As the inflation of a country is seen as a key economic indicator, it is frequently used for international comparison. Among the main industrialized and emerging economies worldwide, China had displayed the lowest inflation of emerging countries in 2013. Nevertheless, it still ranged marginally above the inflation rates of established industrialized powerhouses such as the United States or the European Union. According to IMF estimates for 2019, Venezuela is expected to be the country with the highest inflation rate, with a consumer price increase of about 200 thousand percent compared to 2018. Eritrea is estimated to have the lowest price increase worldwide with prices actually decreasing by about 27.6 percent. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Kenya from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Kenya was at 18.34 percent. 
 This statistic shows a ranking of the top fraternities in the United States in 2012. To measure this, the daily beast considered the number of active collegiate chapters, the number of alumni who had since become members of the U.S. Senate, House of Representatives or President and finally the amount of money donated by the fraternity to nonprofit organizations. In this graph the variable of total amount of fund donated is depicted. Sigma Chi, the top ranked U.S. college fraternity for 2012, had donated a total of 1,436,883 dollars to charity.Sigma Chi fraternityThe Sigma Chi and the Alpha Gamma Rho are two of the top college fraternities based on the amount they have donated to charity in 2012, totaling 1.44 million U.S. dollars and 1.4 million U.S. dollars, respectively. The Sigma Chi has over 239 chapters across North America with over 300,000 members. For example, one of its chapters is located in Harvard University, Massachusetts, one of the richest colleges in the country, which had a endowment funds market value of 35.88 in 2014. The organization was founded in 1855 in Miami University in Ohio. One of its most notable fundraising events is “Derby Days”. This event normally lasts a week and the chapter hosts competitions and events to raise money through donations or fundraising events. Among the Sigma Chi, there have been 11 congressional alumni , including James Abdnor, a U.S. Senator for South Dakota between 1981 and 1987. About 29.1 billion U.S. dollars in cash contributions were donated to educational institutes in 2012, but is dwarfed by the 91.4 billion U.S. dollars given to political organizations. In 2011 to 2013, about half of the country’s donations were made through checkout donations and 32 percent as an honor or tribute gift. 
 This graph depicts the total regular season home attendance of the San Francisco 49ers franchise of the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the regular season home attendance of the franchise was 562,443. 
 This graph displays murder victims in the United States by age in 2018. In 2018, around 2,199 murder victims were aged between 20 and 24 years. 
 This statistic represents the size of the global biofuels market in 2016, with a forecasted figure for 2023. In 2016, the global biofuels market was sized at around 101 billion U.S. dollars. Biofuels market size As car drivers were becoming increasingly worried about sky-high gasoline prices and the level of pollution in urban areas, alternative fuels began to make inroads in the automotive industry. Political decision makers introduced tax credits for gasoline-ethanol mixtures, and petrol stations started selling gasoline grades where up to 10 percent of ethanol was blended into conventional petrol. As a result, corn and sugar cane farmers in the rural U.S. soon emerged as the major beneficiaries of the biofuels movement in the United States, which established itself as a driving force in the biofuels market. In 2016, the United States was ranked as the largest biofuel producing country, followed by Brazil and Germany. Globally, the implementation of a biofuels market soon sparked a food versus fuel debate among critics. While advocates saw biofuels as part of a clean and sustainable energy future, others argued that fuels should not be derived from edible plants. However, the biofuels market continued to be resilient. In 2016, the global market for the production and wholesale pricing of ethanol and biodiesel was sized at close to 101 billion US dollars. By 2023, the market is expected to grow to almost 133 billion U.S. dollars. Revenue growth is projected to be driven by capacity additions and higher prices for alternative fuels. 
 The statistic illustrates the average life expectancy of major household appliances in the United States. The average life expectancy of freezers is 12 years. 
 This statistic shows the results of a global survey on faith in God or a supreme being. The survey was conducted in 23 countries in September 2010. 70 percent of respondents in the United States stated they believe in God or a higher being. 
 This statistic shows the sales of the leading travel agencies worldwide in 2016. The travel company Carlson Wagonlit Travel ranked fifth among the leading travel agencies with sales of 22.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. Travel agencies - additional information Travel agencies facilitate the purchase of travel products between travel providers and customers. Since the advent of the internet, the industry has been divided into two main sectors; traditional travel agencies which are brick and mortar stores where trained professionals deal with customers one to one, and online travel agencies (OTAs) these are e-commerce site which bypass the need for a personal travel agent and search travel providers using global distribution systems such as Amadeus. Although OTAs lack the assistance of a trained professional, they do allow customers to compare travel options themselves. In 2016, the largest travel agency in the world was Expedia Inc. closely followed by The Priceline Group. Expedia inc. is the parent company to several well known OTAs such as Expedia.com, Trivago, Travelociy and Orbitz. The revenue of Expedia has increased year-on-year, reaching 8.77 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. The second largest travel agency, The Priceline Group also head well known online travel agencies and travel brands, such as Booking.com, Priceline.com and Rentalcars.com. Like Expedia, the revenue of The Priceline Group has been growing year-on-year. Despite having lower sales than Expedia in 2016, the group achieved higher revenues in 2016 reaching 10.74 billion U.S. dollars, almost two billion more that year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Kansas City Royals games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 32.84 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the excise tax in euros per hectolitre of beer added to beer in selected European countries as of July 2017. Finland had the highest rate of excise tax valued at 153.84 euros per hectolitre of beer, followed by Ireland with excise tax valued at 108.24 euros. Excise tax rates vary across the European Union and often serve political, as well as financial ends, such as for environmental protection or public safety and health. Some countries impose further taxes at differing levels, as seen in Value Added Tax (VAT), resulting in highly variable retail prices of beer across European supermarkets. Consumption levels of beer, however, also vary between countries, as well as levels of imports. The United Kingdom, for instance, has not only one of the highest excise duty rates on beer, but in addition imports the most beer of all European countries. 
 The statistic shows the number of documented civilian deaths in the Iraq war between 2003 and January 31, 2020. As of January 31, there were 114 documented civilian deaths in 2020. Civilian Deaths in the Iraq War Civilian casualties are the deaths of non-military individuals as a result of military operations. The number of documented civilian deaths in the Iraq war peaked in 2006 at 29,517 casualties. Since then, the number had fallen to 4,162 casualties documented in the year 2011, and has been on the rise since then. Due to the nature of the Iraq war and of war reporting, data cannot be considered exact. Many civilian deaths that occurred during the war in Iraq may remain unaccounted for. The Iraq war was launched in March 2003 upon the invasion of Iraq by US forces. Eight years later, in December 2011, the US formally declared an end to the Iraq war. From the start of the war in 2003 until September 30, 2015, it is estimated that the United States spent a total of over 819 billion US dollars on war costs in Iraq. This number includes funding requested by the President and appropriated by Congress, and accounts for both military and non-military spending. Spending was highest in 2008, that year over 142 billion US dollars were spent in Iraq by the United States government. As of 2018, about 8,334 US active-duty military personnel were deployed in North Africa, the Near East and South Asia. The number of US American soldiers killed in Iraq peaked in 2007 with just over nine hundred causalities. In the same year, there were over 25 thousand civilian deaths in Iraq. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of black families in the U.S. who live below the poverty level from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, 17.7 percent of black families were living below the poverty line in the United States. Poverty is the state of one who lacks a certain amount of material possessions or money. Absolute poverty or destitution is inability to afford basic human needs, which commonly includes clean and fresh water, nutrition, health care, education, clothing and shelter. 
 The statistic shows the number of lives lost due to floods and flash floods in the United States from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, there were a total of 80 fatalities reported due to flash floods and river floods in the United States. 
 Novartis is a multinational pharmaceutical company based out of Basel, Switzerland. In 2019, the company saw its greatest number of employees in recent history with 103,914 employees working for the company. This is an decrease from 2018 when the company had over 125,000 employees. Novartis, like many pharmaceutical companies has experienced significant growth in recent years. Novartis’ company profile As of 2019, Novartis had two company divisions: Innovative Medicines and Sandoz. Oncology is the most important therapeutic area generating almost 40 percent of the company’s pharmaceuticals revenue. Sandoz is the company’s generics and biosimilars pharmaceutical division with a global focus. Until April 2019, Alcon was Novartis' division specialized in eye care, but then became an own company. While the number of employees at Novartis has increased, the number of patients the company reaches every year has been on the decline. As well as a decrease in the number of patients reached, the company has also decreased their advertising spending in recent years. Novartis’ global positioning Novartis is ranked among the top pharmaceutical companies globally. Recently the company was ranked second based on their market capitalization. Other top companies included Johnson & Johnson and Roche. The company was also ranked third, after Pfizer and Roche, based on their prescription sales in recent years. Based on research and development spending as a share of revenue, Novartis was ranked seventh below AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly and Bristol-Myers Squibb, to name a few. 
 The statistic shows the forecast number of mobile users worldwide from 2019 to 2023. For 2020, the number of mobile users worldwide is forecast to grow to 7.26 billion. 
 This statistic presents the preferred time of the day for consumers in the United States to shop online. During the April 2015 survey, 48 percent of survey respondents stated that their peak online shopping hours were between 4 and 9 PM. 
 This statistic compares the cost of an angioplasty procedure in selected countries as of 2018. In the United States, an angioplasty cost 28,200 U.S. dollars, while in Costa Rica such a procedure cost less than half of that price. 
 This statistic shows employment in Greece from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020 .In 2018, around 3.83 million people were employed in Greece. Employment in Greece Just like the rest of Greece’s economy, the job market has been adversely affected by the economic crisis of 2008; it has been struggling to recover ever since. The majority of the Greek population lives in urbanized areas, but lay-offs and job cuts affect the whole country; the unemployment rate in Greece has been increasing dramatically all over the country and has almost tripled since 2009. Greece’s economy relies heavily on services; most of Greece’s gross domestic product is produced in that sector. The gross domestic / GDP growth rate in Greece, however, has not improved since 2009 – on the contrary, after falling to an all-time low in 2011, GDP is now even lower than in the year recession hit the country. Some of the most important industries for Greece are the maritime and shipping industries, as well as tourism. The export of goods has been on the rise, while imports have been decreasing, causing the trade deficit to improve slowly but steadily. Still, Greece is not out of the red and probably won’t be for some time. National debt in relation to gross domestic product is growing, and Greece is still ranked second on a ranking of countries with the highest public debt worldwide. Austerity measures and rescue packages from the European Union are now put in place to ensure Greece’s recovery from the crisis. 
 In 2019, Chinese exports of trade goods to the United States amounted to about 452.24 billion U.S. dollars; a significant increase from 1985 levels, when imports from China amounted to about 3.86 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. exports to China Compared to U.S. imports from China, the value of U.S. exports to China in 2019 amounted to 106.63 billion U.S. dollars. China is the United States’ largest trading partner, while China was the United States third largest goods export market. Some of the leading exports to China in the agricultural sector included soybeans, cotton, and pork products. Texas was the leading state that exported to China in 2018 based on total value of goods exports, at 16.3 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. - China trade war The trade war between the United States and China is an economic conflict between two of the world’s largest national economies. It started in 2018 when U.S. President Donald Trump started putting tariffs and trade barriers on China, with the intent to get China to conform to Trump’s wishes. President Trump claimed that China has unfair trade businesses. As a result of this trade war, it has caused a lot of tension between the U.S. and China. Nearly half of American companies impacted by the U.S.-China trade tariffs said that the trade war increased their cost of manufacturing. The healthcare product industry has suffered the most from the trade war in regards to reduced profits. 
 The leading causes of death in the United States include heart disease, cancer, unintentional injuries, chronic lower respiratory diseases, and cerebrovascular diseases. However, heart disease and cancer account for most deaths in the United States. Cardiovascular disease Deaths from cardiovascular disease are more common among men than women but have decreased for both sexes over the past few decades. Coronary heart disease accounts for the highest portion of cardiovascular disease deaths in the U.S., followed by stroke and high blood pressure. The states with the highest death rates from cardiovascular disease include Oklahoma, Mississippi, and Arkansas. Smoking tobacco, physical inactivity, poor diet, stress, and being overweight or obese are all risk factors for developing heart disease. Cancer Although cancer is the second leading cause of death in the United States, like deaths from cardiovascular disease, deaths from cancer have decreased over the last few decades. The highest death rates from cancer come from lung cancer for both men and women. Breast cancer is the second deadliest cancer for women, while prostate cancer is the second deadliest cancer for men. Kentucky, Mississippi, and West Virginia lead the nation with the highest cancer death rates.
 In 2019, the U.S. auto industry sold approximately 17 million light vehicle units. This figure includes the retail sales of 4.7 million autos and 12.2 million light truck units. Lower fuel consumption There are many kinds of light vehicles available in the United States. Light-duty vehicles are popular for their utility and improved fuel economy, making them an ideal choice for savvy consumers. As of 2018, the light vehicle manufacturer with the best overall miles per gallon was Honda with 3.4 gallons of gas required to complete 100 miles on the road. Higher brand satisfaction When asked about light vehicle satisfaction, consumers in the United States were most satisfied with Volvo, Lexus, and Lincoln models. Another survey quizzing respondents on their stance regarding the leading car brands indicated that Lexus was among the most dependable brands based on the number of problems reported per 100 vehicles. 
 This statistic depicts the sales of the leading 15 optical retailers in the United States in 2018. In that year, Visionworks of America was the sixth ranked optical retailer in the United States, with sales that amounted to about 947.4 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the length of the border the United States shares with Canada and Mexico by state. Arizona shares a border of 373 miles with Mexico. 
 This graph shows the civilian labor force in the United States from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, the number of people who had jobs or were seeking employment amounted to about 163.54 million. 
 The statistic ranks major floods by economic damage caused in the period from 1900 to 2016*. A flood in China in 1998 caused damage estimated to be worth 30 billion U.S. dollars. Economic damage caused by significant floods worldwide The Center for Research on the Epidemiology of Disasters released data on the economic damage caused by significant floods worldwide as of July 2014. According to this data, the flood of August 5, 2011 in Thailand was by far the most economically damaging flood between 1900 and 2013, causing roughly 40 billion U.S. dollars of damage. Thailand’s floods of August 2011 reportedly killed 42 people and occurred in the north and north-eastern areas of the country. Heavy seasonal rain and tropical storm Nock Ten were to blame for the flooding. Nock Ten, which formed on July 24, first made landfall in the Philippines, where it killed 75 people. It also made landfall in China, Vietnam and Laos, where more damage was done and more people died. An estimated 1.5 million people were affected in Thailand as water flowed downstream in the Yom River and Nan River to provinces in the Central Plains area. Thailand is one of the top 20 most populated countries, with roughly 68 million inhabitants. Due to flooding, roughly 650,000 individuals were evacuated from low-lying areas in Thailand and 6,200 acres of rice and other crop fields were submerged by flowing water. Of other countries heavily affected by flood damage, China also ranks highly. China has a total population of 1.4 billion individuals as of 2013. In 1998, over 238 million people were affected by major flood disasters in China. In 1991 in China, over 210 million people were affected by major flooding. In one historic event in 1931, over 3.7 million people died due to flooding in China. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in bowling in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in bowling amounted to approximately 45.49 million. 
 This timeline shows gift, novelty, and souvenir store sales in the United States from 1992 to 2017. In 2017, U.S. gift, novelty, and souvenir store sales amounted to about 16.75 billion U.S. dollars.Additional information on the novelty and gifts market in the USThe statistic above shows how sales in the gift, novelty and souvenir sector dropped following the market crash in 2008, as did retail in the United States overall. A comparison of gift purchases in 2015 between millennials and consumers aged 35 and over shows that younger people are choosing travel and entertainment over more traditional gifts than their older counterparts. Moreover, many physical gifts are not from the standard product ranges of such stores. A look at the leading gift plans among consumers in the U.S. in 2015 shows that 63 percent of consumers planned on giving clothing or accessories as a gift.Gift, novelty and souvenir stores also specialize in a number of products that are complementary to the main gift. If the trend of increasing holiday retail sales in the United States continues; sales of other products such as gift wrap, greeting cards and city specific side gifts are likely to increase. Moreover, sales may also be boosted by projected increases in international tourist arrivals in the coming years. 
 Canada’s appeal as an immigration destination has been increasing over the past two decades, with a total of 313,580 immigrating to the country in 2019. This figure is a decrease from 2016, when about 323,190 immigrants came to Canada, but is much more than the estimated 199,170 immigrants in 2003. Immigration to the Great White North Between July 1, 2017 and June 30, 2018, there were an estimated 132,417 immigrants to Ontario, making it the most popular immigration destination out of any province. While the number of immigrants has been increasing over the years, less than half of surveyed Canadians believed that there were too many immigrants in the country. This is most definitely a positive, since in 2017, the Canadian government announced its aim to significantly increase the number of permanent residents to Canada in order to combat an aging workforce and the decline of working-age adults. Profiles of immigrants to Canada The gender of immigrants to Canada in 2018 was just about an even split, with 150,405 male immigrants and 152,852 female immigrants. In addition, most foreign-born individuals in Canada came from India, followed by China and the Philippines. The United States was the fifth most common origin country for foreign-born residents in Canada. 
 In 2018, Italy ranked tenth in the world ranking of countries with the largest international tourism expenditure. The spending of international visitors in Italy has been constantly increasing over the last years, reaching an amount of 43.7 billion euros in 2019. Italy: one of the most popular tourist destinations in the world Italy is on the most popular tourist destinations both in Europe and in the rest of the world, recording more and more tourist arrivals every year. With 62.15 million arrivals in 2018, the country ranked fifth in the global list of countries with the largest number of international tourist arrivals. Japanese and Canadian tourists spend the most Although in the first half of 2018 the largest group of international visitors came from Europe, the tourists who on average spent the most arrived from other continents. Japanese, Canadian and American tourists registered the highest per capita expenditure during their visit in Italy. 
 China was the top exporter of watches of any country worldwide, based on 2018 data. In 2018, China exported 656.3 million watches. Hong Kong was another leading exporter of watches in that year, at 204.7 million units. Leading Luxury Watches Rolex, the iconic Swiss watch brand, is the leading luxury watch brand in the world in terms of turnover. In 2017, the Rolex brand generated around four billion U.S. dollars in turnover. Swatch’s Omega brand came in second place, with around 2.33 billion U.S. dollars in turnover. Although Rolex seems to dominate the global luxury watch market, when comparing watch companies rather than brands, Swatch takes the lead with a 30 percent share of the market, while Rolex controls a 19.4 percent share. Cost of a Luxury Watch Luxury watches are known for being exorbitantly priced, functioning both as a status symbol as well as a fine timepiece. That being said, some luxury watch brands are more accessible than others. Tissot, produced by Swatch, has an average price of about 630 U.S. dollars, according to 2017 data. In that year, an average Patek Philippe watch sold for over 46 thousand U.S. dollars, making Patek Philippe the most expensive major luxury watch brand worldwide. 
 This statistic shows global shipment figures for hard disk drives (HDD) from 1976 to 2018, with a forecast through to 2022. In 2018, global unit shipments of hard disk drives fell to 375.56 million units. High-capacity enterprise HDD shipments are expected to grow, although at a slower rate than previously forecast. Consumer drives and external hard disk drive shipments are both expected to decline. 
 The statistic shows the United Arab Emirates' (UAE) gross domestic product growth from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, The United Arab Emirates' GDP growth rate amounted to approximately 0.49 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in New York from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in New York amounted to 67,274 U.S. dollars. 
 As of 2019, Barclays Group, one of the UK’s largest banks, employed approximately 48.2 thousand people across the country. The UK division accounted for almost 60 percent of all employees of the banking group. India and the United States accounted for the next highest employment figures globally. The majority of the bank’s employees now work in the Head Office division. Leading UK banks by customers For Lloyds Bank Group, Barclays, The Royal Bank of Scotland and nationwide, there was an increase of overall customer numbers between 2007 and 2017. Lloyds (including Bank of Scotland, Halifax and Scottish Widows) increased their number of customers by approximately 11 million. Barclays, a global bank Barclays Plc operates in a total of 50 countries globally, the fifth highest of Europe's leading banks. In terms of total assets, Barclays is the eighth largest bank in Europe and second largest in the UK. As with most other leading banks in the UK and across Europe, the total value of assets owned by Barclays has decreased over several years. 
 The most successful figure to date in the history of the Academy Awards is Katharine Hepburn, who won four Oscars throughout her acting career. The Academy Awards began in 1929 as a way of celebrating excellence within cinema, and winning an Oscar has long been considered prestigious among stars in the movie industry. Who was Katharine Hepburn? Katharine Hepburn, who died at the age of 96 in 2003, was a celebrated American actress and Hollywood icon. Hepburn won an Oscar for ‘Best Actress’ for her performance in her first film ‘Morning Glory’, released in 1933. The additional three awards came much later in Hepburn’s 66-year movie career. The actress won Oscars for ‘Guess Who’s Coming to Dinner’ and ‘The Lion in Winter’ in the 1960s, and finally for ‘On Golden Pond’ at the 54th Academy Awards in 1982. In addition to her wins, Hepburn received multiple nominations for her work, including for ‘The African Queen’ where she starred alongside Humphrey Bogart. The actress worked with several well-known Hollywood stars over the years, including Burt Lancaster, Elizabeth Taylor and Cary Grant. Are the Academy Awards still important today?Viewership of the Oscars has been steadily declining since 2014. However, media outlets around the world continued to provide extensive and enthusiastic coverage of the event and 2019 nominees Lady Gaga and Bradley Cooper made waves on social media. Regardless of viewership figures, for winners, nominees and fans the Oscars remain a key part of the film industry and function as a metric of success. As years pass, it is inevitable that those stars with the most Oscar wins ever will be overtaken by fresh talent. But actresses like Katharine Hepburn will forever be remembered as one of the hallmarks of classic Hollywood cinema, and will continue to be discussed, analyzed and applauded in years to come as fans look back to a bygone era of film. Impressive audience figures or not, that’s something worth celebrating. 
 The statistic shows total U.S. government spending for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP, formerly called Food Stamps) from 1995 to 2020. In 2010, about 70 billion U.S. dollars were spent for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. 
 Among the 2.92 million female inhabitants in Denmark in 2019, the most common name was Anne. As of January 2020, around 45.2 thousand Danish women bore the name. There are several variations of it such as Anna, which is very popular in Denmark as well and, with a number of approximately 34 thousand, ranked on sixth place. Danish surnames Most Danish last names are based on patronymics. Until the 1820s, it was common for ordinary people to use the Christian name of a person’s father, followed by “sen” (=son) or “datter” (=daughter) to create the surname. Nielsen for example is a patronymic surname meaning “son of Niels” and ranked first among all common surnames in Denmark as of January 2019. Female names in other Nordic countries When looking at Iceland, Norway and Sweden, it is noticeable that there the first name Anne or the variation Anna was also very common. In 2017, Guðrún was the most common female name in Iceland but Anna came in second place. In Sweden, Anna was even more popular and ranked first in 2018, and in this year, most Norwegian women bore the name Anne. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Norway from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Norway amounted to about 2.77 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The timeline shows Bentley's worldwide vehicle sales from the fiscal year of 2012 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Volkswagen Group sold some 9,560 vehicles under its Bentley brand. 
 This statistic displays a forecast of the number of smartphone users in the Russian Federation from 2015 to 2022. For 2018, the number of smartphone users in Russia is estimated to reach 82.82 million, with the number of smartphone users worldwide forecast to exceed 2.5 billion users by that time. By 2022 another ten million individuals are expected to own a smartphone taking the predicted number of smartphone users to 93.11 million. This translates to an expected 65.54 percent penetration rate of smartphones usage in the Russian Federation in 2022. This only includes individuals of any age who own and their device or devices at least once a month. Compared to other countries the smartphone penetration rate of 46.71 percent in 2015 was quite low. Statista data shows that other countries like Norway and Sweden had the highest penetration in Europe in 2015. Comparable penetration numbers can be found in the Czech Republic, Estonia, Portugal, and Slovakia. The dominant operating system on the Russian market is the Android OS with about two thirds of the market share followed by the Apple iOS with roughly a quarter of the market share. 
 This statistic shows the average annual wages in Greece from 2000 to 2018. Over this period, the annual average rose, peaking at 22 thousand euros in 2009. After 2009 there was a significant decrease in the average annual wages in Greece, which amounted 17.5 thousand euros in 2018. 
 With each player taking home a handsome 7.77 million U.S. dollars every year, the NBA is the professional sports league with the highest player wages worldwide. In second place is the Indian Premier League, an annual cricket competition contested each year between eight franchises representing eight different Indian cities. Big money in the NBA Although the wages that players in the NBA take home are astronomical, the average annual salaries vary greatly from team to team. Whilst the Atlanta Hawks pay their players an average of 5.22 million U.S. dollars a year, Oklahoma City Thunder spent almost double that, with each of their stars taking home 10.33 million U.S. dollars annually. The top player on Oklahoma’s wage bill is point guard, Russell Westbrook, who takes home an annual salary of 35.7 million U.S. dollars. It seems that the club’s investment in their prized possession has paid off, as Westbrook is the Thunder’s all-time leading points scorer. NBA salary cap It may be surprising to hear that, although NBA players take home sky-high wages, there is actually a salary cap in place in the league. This cap limits the total money that teams can spend on their players in order to keep the playing field as level as possible. The salary cap in the 2018/19 season reached almost 102 million U.S. dollars per team, a considerable increase from the cap of just over 58 million U.S. dollars in the 2012/13 season. 
 This statistic shows the results of an opinion poll conducted in 2015 asking Americans to describe Donald Trump in one word. In 2015, 9.8 percent of Americans chose the words "idiot/jerk/stupid/dumb" to describe Donald Trump, 6 percent chose "arrogant" and 5.6 percent chose "crazy/nuts". Trump's perception as a presidential candidate In 2015, when Americans who were asked to describe Donald Trump in one word, close to 10 percent of Americans chose the words “idiot/jerk/stupid/dumb”. Other words that were used include arrogant, crazy, nuts, buffoon, clown, joke, unfavorable, egotistical, narcissist, bombastic, entertaining, untrustworthy and aggressive. Of course there were also a few positive words used to describe him, but interestingly, the majority of chosen terms was negatively connotated. At the start of 2016, the Huffington post chose other words to describe him when they began using this disclaimer: "Donald Trump is a serial liar, rampant xenophobe, racist, birther and bully who has repeatedly pledged to ban all Muslims -- 1.6 billion members of an entire religion -- from entering the U.S." Yet, it is exactly these characteristics which have helped him get significant attention, and which have brought to light some important underlying issues that have been churning in American society. For instance, Trump has spent less than other candidate throughout his campaign. Also, back in 2014, before Trump entered the race as a serious contender, the most important problems facing the United States were defined as dissatisfaction with government, the economy in general and immigration/illegal aliens. Trump has addressed all three. In 2016, terrorism, gun control, and racism have also gained importance. Apparently it doesn’t matter if Trump is perceived as an idiot or a racist, these characteristics do not seem to be hindering his campaign. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Boston Red Sox games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 59.32 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019, Milan boasted some of the most expensive residential real estate properties in the country. A ranking of the priciest districts of the city for residential properties showed that home buyers could expect to pay on average almost nine thousand euros per square meter in the district Centro (historical city center). In Milan, renting a dwelling also comes at a cost. The rental price in the same area amounted to more than 25 euros per square meter in October 2019. Milan, an attractive destination Milan is one of the most dynamic Italian cities. In recent years, the city was able to create jobs and expand investments in many sectors, attracting capital and talent both from Italy and from foreign countries. This growth was reflected also in the real estate market, which has proved to be the most dynamic in the country in recent years. Transactions in residential real estate in Milan increased steadily since 2012. Moreover, Milan was one of the most popular cities in Italy for residential property purchase as an investment. More tourists after Expo 2015 Hosting the Expo 2015 was a brave bet for the city. Thanks to public and private investments Milan could carry out much needed projects in terms of infrastructures and regeneration of some central areas of the city. In this sense, Expo 2015 also allowed the city to place itself on the map of the most popular tourist destinations in Europe (310536) and left a positive effect on the city’s tourism fluxes. International visitors have increased steadily since it was announced that the city would be the host of the global event and continued to do so also in the years following the Expo. 
 The statistic shows the results of a survey concerned with the reasons why people quit their health club membership. 40 percent of respondents said that the membership was too expensive and they could not afford it. 
 VKontakte, also known as vk.com, has recently enjoyed a sustained period of growth. From September 2016 to December 2018 the company gained 11.04 million active mobile users, an increase of 22 percent. VKontakte: Young, metropolitan users Known as the Russian version of Facebook, VKontakte’s users base consists mostly of millennial users. 77.5 percent of users are under the age of 34. Broken down by regions, those in built-up areas are more likely to be users, with 65.3 percent of the population of St Petersburg actively using the platform. 24.87 percent of the total Russian population were active users in 2018. Yandex: The other Russian internet giant VKontakte forms a major part of the Russian internet landscape, along with search giant Yandex. Yandex’s primary point of contact with customers is their search-engine. Like Google, Yandex’s services go well beyond search. Incorporated in the Netherlands and with offices around the world, Yandex offers services primarily to the Russian language market covering ecommerce, navigation, advertising, mobile development as well as a taxi/ride-sharing service and a car sharing service. Advertising is the company’s primary source of revenue. In 2018 the company had an annual net income of 45.86 billion Russian rubles, with earnings before income taxes amounting to 54.46 billion Russian rubles. 
 This statistic shows the most popular video streaming services in the United States as of July 2018, ranked by monthly average users. The most popular video streaming service as of July 2018 was YouTube, with 197.5 million monthly active users. Hulu ranked third with 55.6 MAU. 
 As of November 2018, the anime-focused subscription video-on-demand platform Crunchyroll had around two million paying subscribers. Subscription numbers have grown rapidly in recent years, with the company managing to double its number of paying subscribers between February 2017 and November 2018. What is Crunchyroll? Similar to services like Netflix and Hulu, Crunchyroll provides subscribers with on-demand access to shows and video media through either monthly subscriptions or cheaper, ad-supported programming. Unlike these competitors, Crunchyroll focuses entirely upon one genre, anime. Its narrow focus ensures that it has an extremely extensive collection of titles that specifically cater to the interests of its subscribers. This unique product offering has mae Crunchyroll of the leading entertainment apps in the United States. Anime and manga Anime is a type of cartoon animation series that originated in Japan, which often spawns from Japanese comic books called manga. Extremely popular within Japan, anime has also garnered large followings from around the world and the industry earns millions of dollars in overseas sales each year. With many manga series selling hundreds of millions of copies, the audience for these types of entertainment is huge, highlighting the importance and appeal of services such as Crunchyroll. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Green Bay Packers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Green Bay Packers was 77,845. 
 Facebook was the most popular social media platform among daily social media users in Denmark in 2018. 53 percent of internet users in Denmark reported to have used Facebook on a daily basis. The social media platform had 2.91 million users in 2016 and was forecast to have around 3.12 million users by 2022. Snapchat and Instagram were the platforms which followed in the ranking of most frequently used social media with 19 percent of daily users each. Denmark takes second place among Nordic countries using Facebook Compared to other Nordic countries, Denmark took second place regarding monthly Facebook users. Sweden was reported to have the highest number of monthly Facebook users as of January 2018, amounting to over seven million users. Other social media platforms, such as LinkedIn and WhatsApp, had four percent of Danish respondents using them on a daily basis in 2018. The main reason to use LinkedIn in 2017 was reported to be strengthening the professional network, according to 89 percent of respondents. In contrast, 55 percent of Instagram users were using the platform for entertainment purposes the same year in Denmark 
 This statistic shows the not seasonally adjusted number of full-time employees in the United States from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, about 130.6 million people were employed on a full-time basis. Employment and salary The number of full-time employees in the United States has increased by almost 20 million people since 1991. In 1990, there were 98.67 million full-time employees which had increased to 116.31 million employees in 2013. After the recession, the number of full-time employees dropped and part-time employment increased significantly. There were about 27.36 million part-time employees in the country as of December 2019. Full-time employment usually is associated with certain benefits that are otherwise not offered to part-time employees, such as health insurance and annual leave. In the United States, the Affordable Care Act defines a full-time workweek as 30 hours or more. Salary in the United States can vary greatly between ethnicities and gender. The median weekly earnings of a full-time salary worker, was 1,095 U.S. dollars for the Asian population, but only 694 U.S. dollars for the Black or African American population. In 2018, the median hourly wage for female salary workers earned an hourly was 14.06 U.S. dollars, while males earned an hourly wage of 16.01 U.S. dollars. Based on a constant value, the wage among salary workers has fluctuated since 1979, where employees earned a median of 14.37 U.S. dollars compared to 14.99 U.S. dollars in 2018. the minimum wage in the United States was established at 7.25 U.S. dollars per hour as of 2009. 
 In 2019, 0.89 percent of the loans that banks in the United States held were non-performing. This means that 99 percent of loan recipients were repaying their bank back at that time, which is a significant improvement from the 5.3 percent of non-performing loans in the aftermath of the Financial Crisis. What are non-performing loans? Banks do not expect all the loans they issue to be fully repaid. For this reason, part of the interest rate that they charge is a “risk premium”, a higher interest rate than the expected change in value. Banks generally use the interest rate on U.S. short-term government bonds as the “risk free rate”, then increase that rate based on the borrower’s credit score. Loans and delinquency Non-performing loans differ by loan types based on collateral. Collateralized loans are loans in which the lender has taken something to ensure repayment. If repayment does not occur, the lender keeps the collateral. A classic example would be taking jewelry to a pawn shop, but the same principle applies to mortgage foreclosures. Loans without collateral differ in that a bank cannot foreclose on student loan debt or a medical procedure. 
 This statistic shows the most important employment factors when choosing jobs among workers worldwide in 2014. During the survey, 84 percent of respondents said that salary, benefits and financial incentives would influence them to choose one job over another. Employers are increasingly trying to attract employees with wellness incentives. In 2015, corporate spending on wellness incentives in the United States reached 693 U.S. dollars per employee. The majority of companies fund wellness programs themselves, however, around 11 percent are paid for by employee contributions. 
 Bayer is an international pharmaceutical company based out of Germany. As of 2018, the company had a total of 116,998 employees globally. This is a significant increase from the previous years. In general, the number of employees at Bayer had remained stable until 2016 when Convestro, Bayer’s material science division, spun off into its own company. It increased again with the acquisition of Monsanto during 2018. Bayer’s company profile Bayer works in about four segments globally, pharmaceuticals, consumer health, crop science, and animal health. In August 2019, however, Bayer agreed to sell its animal health division to Elanco. Bayer’s yearly revenues have been variable in recent years but have still show significant growth since the 1990s. Most recently Bayer’s pharmaceutical and crop science segments have generated the most revenue for the company. However, among Bayer’s pharmaceutical segment the top pharmaceutical product was Xarelto, a blood thinning agent used in the treatment of blood clots. Bayer’s global positioning Bayer is among the top pharmaceutical companies in many regards. Bayer ranks as 14th among the top 50 global pharmaceutical companies based on the sales of their prescription drugs. Bayer was also ranked as the second most valuable pharmaceutical brand in recent years. Other major pharmaceutical companies such as Roche, Pfizer, and Abbott were listed among the most valuable pharmaceutical brands during that same year. 
 This statistic shows global Apple iPod sales from the first quarter of 2006 to the most recent fiscal quarter. In the first quarter of the 2006 fiscal year (October to December 2005), Apple sold 14.04 million iPods worldwide. In all of its 2006 fiscal year Apple sold more than 39 million iPods. Apple iPod sales - additional information Introduced to the consumer market in 2001, Apple revolutionized the music industry with its pocket-sized music player iPod. Since its release, the iPod has been one of the most dominant products within the digital music player market, with total aggregate unit sales of nearly 360 million. The market for portable music players, however, has been slowing down in recent years. Apple’s own sales figures essentially follow the existing overall trend, as iPods sales worldwide have been dropping since 2010. The company still experiences a consistent sales peak in the first quarter of the company’s own financial year. For Apple, the first quarter of their financial year is from early October to late December – just around the holiday season. The increased capacity of smartphones to play and store music as a multi-functional device has been pinpointed by industry experts as the main reason for the decline of digital music devices sales. This explanation seems fitting when looking at Apple’s devices sales figures over the years. iPod sales have decreased as iPhone and iPad sales have increased in the last few years. Up until the third quarter of 2010, Apple still sold more iPods than iPhones. In the last quarter of 2014, iPod sales accounted for only about one percent of Apple's total revenue. The declining of iPod sales has not had a negative impact on the company. As the share of the company’s total revenue made from iPod sales has decreased, strong sales of the iPad and the iPhone have allowed the company to maintain a dominant position in many markets worldwide. In 2014, Apple announced its highest annual revenue to date. 
 This statistic shows the aggregated gross revenues of PricewaterhouseCoopers from 2006 to 2019. In the fiscal year of 2019, PwC generated approximately 42.45 billion U.S. dollars in aggregated gross revenues. PwC - additional information PwC is one of the four largest accounting and audit firms in the world. These firms, known collectively as the ‘Big Four’, also include Deloitte, Ernst & Young (EY) and KPMG. PwC is the second largest of the Big Four in terms of revenue in 2019, coming close after Deloitte. PwC has three main service lines – assurance, advisory and tax. In terms of worldwide revenue, assurance is PwC’s largest service line and accounted for almost 41 percent of the company’s total revenue in 2019. PwC also had the highest assurance revenue streams of the Big Four firms in 2019. PwC’s tax service business line is also the largest of the Big Four, grossing 10.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. In comparison, KPMG made 6.62 billion U.S. dollars from tax services in that same year. The majority of PwC’s revenue is generated in Western Europe and the Americas. In 2019, these two regions made combined revenues of around 31.9 billion U.S. dollars, with the rest of the world grossing just 10.5 billion U.S. dollars. Of these two regions, the Americas is the largest. PwC generated 17.8 billion U.S. dollars in there in 2019, which accounted for more than one third of the revenue in that year. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Sonic Corporation in the United States from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, Sonic Corp. generated a revenue of 423.59 million U.S. dollars. Sonic Corporation, founded in Oklahoma, United States in 1953, is a drive-in fast-food restaurant chain. 
 The statistic depicts the total market/transfer value of the participating national teams at the FIFA World Cup 2018 in Russia. The France squad had a combined market/transfer value of 1.08 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in surfing in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, there were approximately 2.68 million participants in surfing in the U.S. Other outdoor activities such as wildlife viewing and recreational fishing / boating are also popular outdoor activities. 
 Despite a tumultuous 2018, Facebook is still the top social network in the United States, with 169.76 million mobile users accessing the Facebook app in September 2019. The company’s other properties Instagram and Facebook Messenger ranked second and third with 121 and 106 million users respectively. Cambridge Analytica scandal 2018 The biggest social media company in the world had a difficult 2018. The platform has long been accused of enabling the spread of fake news during the 2016 election and beyond. One of the first and biggest negative Facebook stories of 2018 was the Cambridge Analytica scandal, which unfolded from March 2018. The Guardian, The Observer, and The New York Times simultaneously reported on political data firm Cambridge Analytica harvesting data of millions of Facebook users worldwide without their knowledge before the 2016 election, which led to Facebook CEO Mark Zuckerberg having to testify before Congress in April 2018. Facebook usage behavior changes Due to the revelations about Facebook and the company’s treatment of private user data, many U.S. users are planning to use the social network much less and to be much more careful about what they post . During an April 2018 survey, only 20 percent of respondents stated that their Facebook usage has not changed, and they were planning on continuing to use the social platform as much as they always had in the past. 
 This statistic shows the most expensive colleges in the United States for the academic year of 2018-2019, by total annual cost. Total cost is tuition costs plus room and board. In the school year 2018-2019, Harvey Mudd College was the most expensive college in the United States, with an total annual cost of 75,003 U.S. dollars for out-of-state students. 
 Security screening at Stansted Airport had an average waiting time of 10 minutes. 36 percent of respondents from a 2018 survey reported queuing approximately 1-5 minutes. Only one percent of respondents stated that they had to wait more than 30 minutes before being able to continue to their gate. The same survey found that the majority were satisfied with their security screening experience at Stansted Airport. Stansted has been part of the Manchester Airport Group since 2013, which also includes Manchester and East Midlands airports. Stansted has longest security screening queue Of airports located in and around London, Stansted had the longest such waiting time. By comparison, Gatwick had the fastest security lines, with 24 percent of respondents reporting that they did not have to wait at all. Chartered flight users most satisfied Overall level of satisfaction with airport security screening in the United Kingdom was particularly high among those using chartered planes. Chartered flight users were very satisfied, 58 percent of the time compared to 51 percent of scheduled flight users. 
 The statistic shows Hyundai's share of new car registrations in the EU between August 2018 and December 2019. In December 2019, Hyundai's share of new car registrations in the EU stood at 3.5 percent. The Hyundai Motor Company, a South Korean car manufacturer belonging to the Hyundai Kia Automotive Group, was founded in 1967 by Chung Ju-Yung. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Vietnam from 2014 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2016, the total population of Vietnam amounted to approximately 92.69 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic gives information on the mobile internet penetration in Indonesia from 2017 to 2022. In 2017, 27 percent of the population accessed the internet from their mobile phone. This figure is expected to grow to 36 percent in 2021. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of Japan from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. The amount of Japan's national debt in 2017 amounted to about 11.73 trillion U.S. dollar. In a ranking of debt to GDP per country, Japan is thus currently ranked first. Japan's economic power With one of the largest gross domestic products (GDP), Japan is among the largest economies in the world. However, ever since the global financial crisis, Japan's GDP - like many others - has been slightly unstable; Japan even reported a negative GDP growth in comparison to the previous year in 2011 and in 2014. Still, it is estimated that gross domestic product in Japan will continue to thrive over the next decade. One indicator is Japan's inflation rate: Despite the aforementioned economic slumps, Japan has managed to maintain one of the lowest inflation rates in the world, and it also reduced its unemployment rate. Between 2010 and 2013, the unemployment rate in Japan decreased by approximately one percent, and it is expected to drop even lower over the next years. Recently, Japan has been reporting a trade deficit, meaning the value of its imports exceeds the value of its exports. Most of these imports have come from China and the United States. The trade deficit is one of the causes for in an increase of the national debt. It is estimated that the national debt in relation to the GDP will increase further until 2020. 
 The statistic shows the penetration rate of desktop and laptop computers among adults in the United States between 2008 and 2019. As of February 2019, 74 percent of Americans owned a desktop or laptop computer. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Hungary from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Hungary amounted to about 2.85 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In an annual assessment of advertising campaigns, the top three spots were taken by promotional activities in India. The Womb Mumbai agency was responsible for creating and executing the most effective campaign for the product Carvaan – a digital music player designed to specifically reach older generations. The campaign was titled ‘Let’s make viral products instead!’ and by delivering meaningful and relevant messages was successful in increasing sales and net profit for the manufacturer. Best advertising campaigns – additional information The second and third spots were also awarded to campaigns touching on social issues. Both focused on matters of health and hygiene as they were indirectly promoting sanitizing products. Savlon sponsored soap-infused chalk, which was intended to encourage children in India to keep their hands clean. The campaign was created by Ogilvy Mumbai and upon being shown on national and international media reached roughly six million people. At the same time, McCann New Delhi was hired to develop an advertising campaign for a toilet disinfectant brand Harpic which would specifically target Indian families. The agency came up with an idea to draw attention to the lack of sufficient sanitary appliances in India’s households. Using classifieds and matrimonial ads, they managed to transform a simple fact of owning a toilet into a status symbol. As a result, the presence of a toilet in a home was a must before accepting a marriage proposal. That year more than five million new toilets were added to rural households in the country, in turn creating a larger market for Harpic. Both McCann and Ogilvy are in the top five of the most creative agency networks worldwide. 
 In 2017, most popular accommodation type for overnight stays of tourists in Sweden were hotels as the number of nights spent in this type of accommodation amounted to 36.6 million. It was followed by camping sites with 15.8 million overnight stays and hostels with 3.6 million overnight stays. Generally, the number of arrivals in Swedish tourist accommodations rose constantly in the past years. As of 2017, it peaked at almost 30 million arrivals at accommodation establishments. Hotel number The number of hotels and similar accommodations in Sweden remained relatively constant during the years from 2007 to 2017. With 2.05 thousand hotels, hostels etc. in the country, the number was highest in 2010. By the end of this period, there were 2.03 hotel accommodations in operation. Hotel industry’s net turnover Overall, the net turnover of the hotel sector in the travel accommodation industry in Sweden increased in recent years. In 2017, hotels with restaurant generated the highest net turnover, reaching nearly 36 billion Swedish kronor. Hotels without a restaurant made a much lower net turnover, with approximately four billion Swedish kronor. 
 The statistic shows the total population in the United Kingdom from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The population grew steadily over this period. Population of the United Kingdom Despite a fertility rate just below the replacement rate, the United Kingdom’s population has been slowly but steadily growing, increasing by an average of 0.6 percent every year since 2002. The age distribution has remained roughly the same for the past ten years or so, with the share of the population over 65 years old seeing a slight increase as the baby boomer generation enters into that age bracket. That share is likely to continue growing slightly, as the United Kingdom has one of the highest life expectancies in the world. The population of the island nation is predominantly whiteChristians, but a steady net influx of immigrants, part of a legacy of the wide-reaching former British Empire, has helped diversify the population. One of the largest ethnic minorities in the United Kingdom is that of residents of an Indian background, born either in the UK, India, or in other parts of the world. India itself is experiencing problems with rapid population growth, causing some of its population to leave the country in order to find employment. The United Kingdom’s relatively lower levels of unemployment and the historical connection between the two countries (which has also resulted in family connections between individuals) are likely reasons that make it a popular destination for Indian emigrants. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for aluminum from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for aluminum stood at 2,108 nominal U.S. dollars per metric ton. 
 In 2017, there were exactly 730,242 births in France. That same year, France was the European country with the second highest number of live births behind Germany. Thus, France had a birth rate of 11.7 births per 1,000 population in 2016, which was one of the highest birth rate in Europe. The recent decrease of births in France Despite having the highest fertility rate in Europe, France, like other Western countries, appears to be experiencing a decrease in its number of births in recent years. According to the source the number of births keeps decreasing since 2011, after a period of gradual increase. The country has reached its highest number of births in 2010. That year 802,000 babies were born in France. Since then, the number of births is declining. To be born in France In 2017, male babies represented most births in France. That same year, life expectancy at birth for French males was of 79.4 years, whereas it amounted to 85.3 years for females. Thus, France was one of the countries worldwide with the lowest infant mortality rate.
 This statistic shows the leading trends in non-alcoholic beverages on restaurant menus in the United States as forecasted by professional chefs for 2018. During the survey, 56 percent of the respondents stated that house-made/artisan soft drinks would be a "hot trend" for restaurant menus in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average number of people per household in the United Kingdom in 2011, by country. A household is defined as one person living alone, or a group of people (not necessarily related) living at the same address who share cooking facilities and share a living room or sitting room or dining area. Northern Ireland had the highest average, at 2.5 people per household, with households in Scotland being the smallest at an average of 2.2 people per household. Regarding the average number of people per household in regions of England, the largest households were found in the Greater London area with an average of 2.5 people per household. While households in the East Midlands, North West, Yorkshire and the Humber, South West and North East had an average size of 2.3 people. Between 2008/2009 and 2014/2015, households in Northern Ireland have stayed unchanged at 2.5 people per household, by comparison, households in Great Britain had experienced a slight increase in 2011/2012 to 2.4, but stayed at 2.3 people for every other year. 
 This statistic shows the general government gross consolidated debt (national debt) at a nominal value of the United Kingdom (UK) from 2000 to 2019. After a small decrease from 2000/01 to 2001/02 national debt increased each year during this period. The largest increase came from 2008/09 to 2009/10 when national debt rose by 255 billion pounds. 
 Around 25.9 million arrivals were recorded at accommodation establishments in Portugal in 2018. Over the last five years arrivals in tourist accommodation have been increasing at a higher rate, with an extra ten million arrivals in 2018 compared to 2013. Tourism development in Portugal The tourism industry makes a significant contribution to Portugal’s economy. As the country came out of recession and tourism began to increase, the Portuguese government launched a ten-year plan to boost the number of overnight stays by 2027. Although figures already show a positive trend in both international and domestic tourism annually, there are still challenges. For instance, arrivals from the United Kingdom, Portugal’s main travel market, are expected to slow down due to Brexit. Portugal’s popularity From a tourism perspective, Portugal benefits from both urban and resort destinations. Tourism demand is highest in the city destinations of Lisbon and Porto, plus coastal destinations such as the Algarve and the island of Madeira. Occupancy rates in Lisbon and Porto rank among the leading ten for city destinations in Europe. 
 The United States is the most successful nation of all time at the Summer Olympic Games, having amassed a total of 2,520 medals since the first Olympics in 1896. Team USA gets the gold medalOf the 2,520 medals won by Team USA over the years, over one thousand have been gold. The dominance of the United States can be shown in the fact that only two other nations, Russia and Germany, have reached a combined medal tally of 1,000. The United States team has been present at every edition of the Olympics except for the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, which they boycotted in protest against the Soviet Union’s invasion of Afghanistan during the height of the Cold War. In the most recent Summer Olympics, held in Rio de Janiero in 2016, Team USA emerged with 121 medals, making it their third most successful Olympics in history. The team were able to claim 46 gold medals across a record 35 sports, including men’s basketball, women’s water polo, and tennis mixed doubles. Team USA only second best in the Winter Olympics The United States’ unrivalled success in the Summer Olympics is not quite matched in the Winter Olympics. Whilst Team USA claims second spot in the all-time medal tally with an impressive 305 medals, they are just beaten by Norway, who have claimed 368 medals since 1924. This tally is very impressive considering Norway’s population stands at just over five million inhabitants, a fraction of the size of the United States. Indeed, the most successful Winter Olympian of all time, Marit Bjørgen, hails from the Scandinavian country. The cross-country skiier collected eight gold medals, four silver, and three bronze in a dazzling career that spanned five Winter Olympics between 2002 and 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of U.S. patents held by selected tech companies. As of March 2012, Samsung held 47,855 U.S. patents. Apple, one of Samsung's main competitors, held 4,649 patents. 
 This statistic shows the United Kingdom's North Sea revenue from 2008/09 to 2018/19. North Sea revenue refers to revenues from petroleum revenue tax, corporation tax and licence fees from all offshore oil and gas activity on the North Sea. In 2018/19, North Sea revenue reached over 1.2 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the real gross domestic product (GDP) of Canada from 2000 to 2019, at 2012 constant prices. In 2019, the real GDP of Canada was around 1.64 trillion Canadian dollars at 2012 constant prices. Constant prices adjust for the effect of inflation on the underlying goods and services used to calculate GDP, thereby enabling the GDP figure to reflect actual changes in output. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cleveland Indians games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 31.16 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in New York from 2000 to 2018. 13.6 percent of New York's population lived below the poverty line in 2018. 
 German television viewers spent an average of three and a half hours a day watching TV. It is still one of the most used mediums among the population. However, the time people spent watching TV was strongly related to the age group. People within the age span from 14 to 29 for example, spent only 66 minutes a day watching TV. Watch it On a weekday, based on recent figures, most viewers spent an average of around two hours watching TV. They split their time between the following genres: the news, crime series and movies, followed by animal and nature programs. Live sports broadcasts and regional programs were also popular. Watching TV several times a week was widespread among the population, compared to those who did so several times or once a month. Increased TV time among older viewers may be due to the inclusion of retirees who are home more often. That is not to say that children and younger viewers necessarily spend less time watching TV programs, but how they access and consume it has changed, with influencing factors such as online streaming services and mobile device ownership. Samsung TVs most popular German viewers preferred Samsung TVs, while other leading brand choices included LG and Panasonic. As for the future of television programming and broadcasting, industry revenue is predicted to rise in the 2020s, reaching over 11 million U.S. dollars in 2023. 
 In 2018, the farm value of maple syrup in Ontario amounted to 11.31 Canadian dollars per liter. The farm gate value of one liter of maple syrup in Ontario has fluctuated over the past eighteen years, having hit a high of 15.59 Canadian dollars in 2015. The volume of maple syrup produced in Ontario has also varied quite dramatically in the last few years. What is farm gate value? Farm gate value is the market value of a cultivated product, minus transportation and marketing costs. Farm gate value is generally a lot lower than the retail price of a product which a consumer pays in-store. This is because it does not include costs for packing, shipping, handling, storage, marketing, and profit margins of the involved companies. Canadian maple syrup Maple syrup has long been a part of Canadian culture and a source of national pride. Aboriginal peoples taught early settlers how to produce the syrup. It is now enjoyed in countries all around the world in various forms such as maple sugar, butter and candy. Quebec is quite clearly the home of Canadian maple syrup production. In 2017, they were responsible for 92 percent of all maple syrup production , whilst Ontario accounted for three percent. Canadian production peaked at around 12.51 million gallons in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the revenue Chelsea FC generated from its jersey sponsorship deal from the 2009/10 season to the 2019/20 season. In the 2019/20 season, Chelsea FC received 40 million GBP from its jersey sponsor Yokohama. 
 In 2017/2018, approximately 86.4 percent of children in England participated in sports monthly. Participation fluctuated during the observation period with highest participation rate of 91.1 percent recorded in 2009/2010. Young boys do more sports than young girls. Especially between the ages of five and ten, young boys are more active in sport than young girls. Approximately 87 percent of boys in that age group participated in sports monthly in comparison to 79 percent of girls. The findings are a result by a survey commissioned by the Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport and its partner Arm’s Length Bodies. Children between the age of 11 and 15 were asked if they had actively participated in any sport for a minimum of 30 minutes in the four weeks prior to the survey and parents of five to ten year old children were asked the same question. Swimming and football are the most popular sports among children. The most popular sport for children between the age of five and ten is swimming, diving or lifesaving with almost half of the respondents (49.5 percent) participating in the past four weeks. Swimming was also highly popular among 11 to 15 year olds. However, highest share of children within that age group, 44.7 percent, participated in football monthly. 
 This statistic represents the annual growth in global air traffic passenger demand between 2006 and 2020. In 2019, global air traffic passenger demand is estimated to increase by 4.2 percent on the year before. By 2020, traffic is projected to grow with another 4.1 percent. Annual growth in global air traffic passenger demand On a global scale, passenger air travel is expected to maintain positive growth rates up to 2030, despite a number of challenges faced by the industry: airlines around the world are struggling with high jet fuel prices and sluggish economic growth. However, these difficult economic conditions are predicted to be offset by an increase in passenger figures, which in turn is projected to translate into improved financial performance of the airline sector. It is believed that the global aviation industry will reach up to 29.3 billion U.S. dollars in profits in 2020, up from only 8.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2011. Between 2019 and 2038, the number of airline passengers is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 4.6 percent. Low-cost carriers and regional airlines have revolutionized the airline business with the introduction of innovative low-fare business models. Notwithstanding the fact that airlines such as Easyjet and Ryanair have steadily eaten into the market share of major transportation companies. American Airlines remained the leading airline in terms of passenger kilometers flown in 2018, followed by Georgia-based Delta Air Lines, United and Emirates Airlines. Aviation demand is set to be fuelled by the rising affluence of the middle classes in emerging markets. Consequently, the air traffic industry is forecast to grow most significantly in Latin America and Africa. In 2018, the airports in Atlanta (IATA: ATL), Beijing (IATA: PEK) and Dubai (IATA: DXB) were ranked as the three major airports for passenger traffic. 
 The statistic shows the brand value of the sports company Reebok from 2012 to 2017. Reebok had a brand value of 0.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the health & fitness club industry in Africa & Middle East countries in 2017. The revenue of the fitness & health club industry in Egypt was at around 348 million U.S. dollars in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Rwanda from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Rwanda amounted to about 1.36 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Denver Broncos games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 105.14 U.S. dollars. 
 Delta Air Lines' load factor of 86.3 percent in 2019 represents a slight increase from last year's 85.5 percent. The passenger load factor of U.S. airlines was 83.72 percent in 2018, making Delta above the average. Delta's load factor Passenger load factor is a measure of utilized available seating capacity calculated by dividing revenue passenger miles by available seat miles for a reporting period. Such a high load factor is a testament to the carrier's operational achievement, meaning that a large majority of Delta's flights operated at near capacity. From an economic standpoint, Delta's finances are positively influenced by this high load factor, as more passengers means more revenue. Delta’s passenger satisfaction A delicate tension for airlines is increasing efficiency, thereby raising passenger load, without giving passengers an overly crowded flight experience resulting in negative opinions of an airline. Delta seems to balance this well, as the company held a low rate of consumer complaints in 2018. The company had over 192 million passengers in 2018 and has the highest market value of publicly held airline companies worldwide as of 2019. 
 Sulfur dioxide (SO2) emissions in the United States have decreased significantly over the last decades. SO2 emissions have fallen to 2.82 million tons in 2017, in comparison to 31.22 million tons in 1970. This reduction in SO2 is largely due to the implementation of the Acid Rain Program under the Clean Air Act through a cap and trade program for fossil-fuel powered plants. What is sulfur dioxide and how does it impact health and the environment? SO2 is largely used as an indicator for gaseous sulfur oxides (SOx) as these gases are found in low concentrations in the atmosphere. SO2 is mostly emitted into the atmosphere through the burning of fossil fuels but can also be derived through some industrial processes like extracting metal from ore, operating vehicles and heavy equipment that burn high-sulfur content fuels, and through some natural sources like volcanoes. Exposure to SO2 can negatively impact the respiratory system in humans. High SO2 concentrations can also lead to the formation of other sulfur oxides which contribute to particulate matter pollution. Environmentally, SO2 can contribute to acid rain and can also damage the growth of plants. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Azerbaijan from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Azerbaijan amounted to about 2.33 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Taiwan from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Taiwan's real gross domestic product grew by around 2.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of Carnival Corporation & plc passengers worldwide from 2007 to 2019. In 2019, the cruise company Carnival Corporation carried approximately 12.9 million passengers on its ships.. 
 The exchange rate of U.S. dollar to Russian Ruble amounted to approximately 63.89 on January 31, 2020, which meant that one U.S. dollar could buy approximately 64.06 Russian Rubles on that day. Currency exchange rates – additional information A currency exchange rate expresses how much a given currency is worth in another currency. Every country has its own currency, which is used locally as a means of payment for goods and services. An exception is the euro zone, a coalition of European countries, where the euro is the common currency used. The euro was first introduced on the financial markets on January 1st, 1999 and it replaced the domestic currencies of the eleven countries which initially participated in the creation of the euro zone. Maintaining the stability of a currency is one of the most relevant tasks of a government. Significant fluctuations of a currency can deteriorate the value of international trade, capital flows, interest rates, business revenues (if part of the company operations are carried out abroad), foreign-currency mortgages or returns and investments. One of the most common ways of measuring the change in the value of currency is comparing its purchase parity in different time periods. The indicator used for this purpose is called the Consumer Price Index (CPI), which reflects the price of goods and services in a household. If, within one year, the price of the goods and services basket changes from 1,000 U.S. dollars to 1,050 U.S. dollars, it means that the inflation rate was equal to five percent and that the purchase power of the U.S. dollar decreased during this period. 
 This statistic illustrates the vehicle production in the United States, Canada and Mexico in 2018. A little over four million vehicles were produced in Mexico in 2018. In 2013, Mexico edged past Canada to become North America's second largest vehicle producer. 
 One of the most famous Dutch companies worldwide, Shell tops of 2019 ranking of most valuable brands from the Netherlands, before KPMG and ING Group. With a brand value of over 42 billion euros, Shell was worth more than the two runners-up combined. That year, Shell had a global revenue of roughly 388 billion euros. Shell’s worldwide media perception According to Adwired, which measures how brands are discussed in the media, Shell was particularly well-known internationally for its innovation, quality and utility (13.7, 12.9 and 11.4 percent of Shell’s worldwide media perception respectively). By comparison, Shell scored only 0.8 percent on well-being. KPMG and ING in the media KPMG, the second most valuable Dutch brand, scored high on innovation and quality as well, with 9.5 and 10.3 percent of the total media perception. KMPG’s score on well-being however was even lower than Shell’s, at 0.4 percent. ING did not score particularly high on well-being either (0.7 percent) but received a particularly positive press on performance (23.3 percent). Like Shell and KPMG, ING too was perceived internationally as innovative and delivering quality products, with scores of 12.1 and 9.6 percent here. 
 The statistic shows the percent of households in the United Kingdom (UK) that own a landline telephone. In 1970, when this survey initiated, 35 percent of households owned a telephone. As of 2018, that number had increased significantly to 85 percent of households. The market penetration was at it's highest in the years 1998-2000 when it reach 95 percent. It's important to note that this statistic refers only to land line phones. It does not include mobile phones. Although fixed-line telephony has been losing customers since around 1998, its remaining customers seem to be pretty satisfied with the overall service. Most consumers are now making telephone calls in their homes using mobile phones instead of telephones. This is also reflected in the mobile telephony penetration. The convenience of mobile and smartphones seems to be winning over especially younger generations. 
 The statistic presents the value of personal savings in the United States from 1960 to 2019, as of last quarter of each year. The personal savings in the United States amounted to roughly 1.29 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. Personal savings in the United States It is generally the case that in times of austerity people hold on to capital. In the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, this has also been the case. The periods of growth and seeming economic stability in the pre-2008 crisis period were due to falling savings rates and growing household debt. People were confident the good times would stay and felt comfortable in borrowing money. Interest rates were low and credit was easily accessible and widely available - these factors encouraged people to spend money. United States consumers pushed growth at home and abroad. According to McKinsey&Company, consumers in the United States have accounted for more than three-quarters of US GDP growth since the year 2000 and for more than one-third of worldwide growth in private consumption since 1990. These trends were fuelled by the surge in household debt and spendthrift. When people change their habits in the opposite direction the economic benefits of consumer spending go into reverse. People start trying to reduce their indebtedness, spend less and save more, consumption inevitably tumbles. An increase in saving means a decrease in spending, this equates to a serious drag for any economy. The value of personal savings in the United States in 2007 amounted to 296.5 billion U.S. dollars. After the 2008 crisis the savings increased to over 600 billion U.S. dollars and reached a high of almost 1.3 trillion U.S. dollars in 2012 before falling significantly to just over 926 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 - although savings rates again climbed to just below 1.3 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Washington Nationals games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 44.12 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of international overnight visitors in the most popular European city destinations in 2016. London had the largest number of international overnight visitors in 2016 with 19.06 million. In 2016, London had the second most international overnight visitors. In that same year, London ranked as the third leading city in terms of international visitor spending in the world. In 2016, some 858 thousand international overnight visitors to London came from New York, United States. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, there were 305 million active PayPal accounts worldwide, representing a 14 percent year-on-year growth. PayPal PayPal is a global online payment business allowing users to make payments and money transfers online. In 2002, PayPal was acquired by auction site eBay and has made great gains in visibility and online popularity since then. The service is often considered as the leader of the online and mobile payment market. Many retailers such as BestBuy and Home Depot and digital content sellers like Humble Bundle or Valve use PayPal as an in-store payment or digital wallet top-up method. Online payment providers usually generate revenue through transaction fees. Recently, brick-and-mortar retailers and shops have also begun to accept PayPal as a mobile payment method. As of December 2018, 36 percent of North American retailers already accepted PayPal as a payment method and 34 percent planned to accept it within the next 24 months. Customers are required to use their NFC-enabled mobile device to make a payment or use a PayPal card, which can also be swiped or touched in at physical point-of-sale locations. In 2018, the service's annual mobile payment volume amounted to 227 billion US dollars, representing a 46 percent growth compared to the previous year. The market for online payment providers was created through the ubiquity of online shopping and online retail opportunities. The advantages of wide-reaching global payment systems allow for easier online buying, especially when taking the growth of mobile commerce into account. Other digital wallet services include Google Wallet as well as US-based Square, Lemon Wallet and LevelUp. Traditional payment providers MasterCard and Visa also offer digital wallets. 
 Swedish appliance manufacturer Electrolux brought in around 14 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018, marking the company’s highest total since 2002. The company has reported relatively stable revenue figures for the past few years with the overall number floating between 13.5 and 14 billion dollars. Electrolux Founded a century ago, Electrolux has grown into a major manufacturer of ovens, washing machines, refrigerators, and many other household appliances. The company generates the bulk of its revenue on the U.S. market, but also has significant businesses in Brazil, Germany, and its native Sweden. Major appliance sales are the company’s biggest earner by far, but Electrolux has also managed to maintain segments related to small domestic appliances, home care, and professional products. Household appliance industry The global household appliances market is highly competitive, with Chinese manufacturing giants Midea Group, Gree Electric, and Qingdao Haier leading the way in terms of sales. Given the massive appeal of appliances like refrigerators and ovens, there is space in the industry for many highly successful brands and manufacturers. The biggest non-Chinese brands are Electrolux and Whirlpool, which bring in a combined 35 billion dollars in sales each year. 
 The statistic shows the consumption of coal energy for electricity generation in the United States between 1950 and 2018. In 2018, U.S. energy consumption derived from coal came to approximately 636.5 million short tons of this fossil fuel. Coal-fueled electricity generation in the United States The consumption of coal has risen steadily from the 1950s to the present. Recently, coal-fired electricity consumption has decreased in the United States from one billion short tons in 2007 to 636.5 million short tons in 2018. Coal energy is primarily used for the electric power sector. In 2017, the industrial sector accounted for 1.2 quadrillion British thermal units (Btu) while the electric power sector accounted for 12.7 quadrillion Btu. An Edison plant was built for New York City in 1882 and was the first coal-fired electricity plant in the United States. By the 1950s, coal was considered the leading source of fuel for electricity generation. Declines in coal usage occurred around 2007, amidst the increased availability of renewables and natural gas. Environmental concerns surrounding coal and its emissions have also driven its gradual decline. The use of coal plants has been linked to acid rain, various emissions, and mercury pollution. The United States was the second largest consumer of coal in the world, totaling 453.4 million metric tons of oil equivalents (mtoe). However, China’s consumption exceeds the total of many other countries combined, reaching 1,962.4 mtoe in 2014. Coal is the second most common source of primary energy in the world. Electricity generation from fossil fuels is still a primary source of fuel around the world. Fossil fuel consumption in the United States reached some 80.2 quadrillion Btu in 2014. 
 Between 2019 and 2020, the immigration numbers in Italy were largely influenced by citizens from Africa. Tunisia represented the most frequent origin country declared upon arrival, followed by Ivory Coast and Algeria. Between January 2019 and January 2020, 2.7 thousand Tunisians arrived on the Italian shores, while the number of people from Ivory Coast amounted to 1.3 thousand. Nationality of asylum seekers In October 2019, 1,009 asylum applicants in Italy came were from Pakistan. Pakistani represented the most frequent nationality of asylum seekers according to the requests processed in that month. Nigerian was the second most common nationality, with 193 requests made in October 2019. In the same month, 129 examined asylum applications were made by Venezuelans. Asylum applications from Venezuelans increased in the last months: in October 2019, they increased up to 79 percent compared to the previous month. Unaccompanied and separated children In 2018, 3.8 thousand unaccompanied and separated children arrived in Italy to seek for asylum. Between 2014 and 2018, the number of asylum applications from unaccompanied children peaked in 2017 at 9.8 thousand. The largest percentage of unaccompanied and separated children who arrived in Italy by sea were from Sudan. Separated children are children separated from both their parents, for instance due to conflicts or other disasters. Unaccompanied children are infants separated from both parents or other relatives, which are by law responsible for taking care of them. 
 In 2019, Italy was the fifth largest European country in terms of population size, with an estimate of 59 million inhabitants. The most populous region of the country was Lombardy, inhabited by one-sixth of Italy’s citizens, followed by Lazio and Campania, which registered about 5.9 and 5.8 million inhabitants, respectively. Milan, the capital of Italian fashion, finance and commerce Milan, the capital of Lombardy and the second most populous city of the country is known worldwide as the Mecca of Italian fashion, finance and commerce. Recent reports show that the city generates ten percent of Italian gross domestic product and has the highest number of startups in the country. Every year Milan attracts more and more international tourists – in 2017 the city was visited by roughly 8.8 million individuals from all over the world, an increase of about 640 thousand in comparison with the previous year. Lombardy’s dream of autonomy This northern region, which is the engine of Italian economy, aspires to a greater independence from the central government and the status of “autonomous region”, nowadays enjoyed by five of the twenty Italian regions (Sardinia, Sicily, Aosta Valley, Friuli-Venezia Giulia and Trentino-South Tyrol). On October 22, 2017 the inhabitants of Lombardy went to the polls to express their opinion in an autonomy referendum; over 95 percent of the citizens who took part in the voting declared to be in favor of a greater autonomy of the region, in terms of financial and managerial aspects, such as taxes, education and security. Despite the nonbinding character of the referendum, the results have given the local government a strong mandate to negotiate with Rome for more sovereignty for Lombardy. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Sweden from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Swedish population was 40.9 years. 
 Since the first half of 2010, household electricity prices in Czechia have seen an overall increase, rising to 17.48 euro cents per kilowatt-hour (kWh) in the first half of 2019. This was the highest price during the reporting period. Prices dropped noticeably between 2014 and the first half of 2015, with households paying less than 13 euro cents per kWh. Households with an annual consumption of 2,500 kWh to 5,000 kWh tended to pay more for their electricity compared to those with a consumption of between 1,000 kWh and 2,499 kWh. Electricity generation Over the past two decades the generation of electricity in Czechia has slightly increased, rising from 74.6 terawatt-hours (tWh) in 2001 to 88 tWh by 2018. Much of this electricity is generated by fossil fuels such as oil, gas and coal. Despite the country’s reliance on fossil fuels, their shares in the energy mix have fallen steadily since 2007, dropping from 66 percent to 56 percent by 2015. Renewable energy increasing Whist the share of fossil fuels used in the generation of electricity has fallen, renewable energy shares have increased. In 2007, renewable sources accounted for less than five percent of the nation’s energy mix. Over the course of 10 years this increased to 13.6 percent. Despite this increase, Czechia falls short of many other European Union nations in its adoption of renewable energy. Just six other nations had less renewable energy shares in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Mozambique from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the inflation rate in Mozambique amounted to about 3.91 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the real gross domestic product (GDP) of the United States in Q3 2019, by state. In the third quarter of 2019, the state of California added about 2.79 trillion chained (2012) U.S. dollars of value to the U.S. real GDP. Total real GDP amounted to about 19.12 trillion chained (2012) U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the main export partners for Japan in 2017. In 2017, the most important export partner for Japan were the United States, accounting for 19.4 percent of all exports. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Italy from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 70.44 percent of the total population in Italy lived in cities. The largest city in Italy, with the largest amount of inhabitants, is Rome, with almost 3 million inhabitants. 
 The statistic lists the 20 countries with the highest inflation rate in 2019. In 2019, Sudan ranked 4th with an estimated inflation rate of about 50.43 percent compared to the previous year. Inflation in industrialized and in emerging countries Higher inflation rates are more present in third world or developing countries, because they often lack a sufficient central bank, which in turn results in the manipulation of currency to achieve short term economic goals. Thus, interest rates increase while the general economic situation remains constant. In more industrial countries and in the prime emerging markets, such as the BRIC countries, the inflation rate remained relatively stable over the previous months, with the exception of India, which experienced a substantial improvement over a short period of time. In the European Union and the Euro area, the inflation rate has changed minimally year-over-year and is continuing to decrease. Additionally, the majority of countries that maintained the lowest inflation rate compared to previous years are primarily European, most likely as a result of economical progress with regards to the global financial crisis, which drastically affected most European countries. Despite increases in unemployment as well as national debt, gross domestic product of all countries in the European Union and the Euro area has improved, particularly after experiencing an immense crash during the prime of the financial crisis in 2009. 
 The Netherlands received the most direct investment from the United States in 2018, an amount exceeding 866 billion U.S. dollars. This measurement was based on a historical-cost basis, meaning that the original cost of investment has been adjusted for inflation. What is foreign direct investment? Foreign direct investment (FDI) is the amount that foreign speculators invests in firms in another country. Investors from the United States have trillions of U.S. dollars in FDI invested abroad. This gives firms in those countries access to capital that they might not have otherwise enjoyed, particularly if the firms are in developing regions such as Africa. The United States is also a target country for FDI, with hundreds of billions of U.S. dollars flowing into the United States every year. Benefits and risks FDI generally increases the size of both economies. The host country has an inflow in capital, which should lead to a higher number of jobs and increased productivity. The investing company should benefit from the dividends of such investments. However, any investment has default risks. These risks are magnified by the regulatory uncertainty that arises from the fact that two legal systems are involved. This can lead to political pressure, particularly if trade tensions are already high. 
 In 2018, Canada imported 18.8 million metric tons of crude oil from the United States, which was the largest quantity Canada imported from of any country. Canadian crude oil In 1858, the first oil deposit in North America was found in Ontario, Canada. Today, however, Canada’s largest volume of crude oil is produced in Alberta, where the Athabasca oil sands are located. Although Canada is a net exporter of crude oil, Canada also imports crude oil due to a variety of factors. These factors include varying oil types: Canada produces mainly heavy crude oil, yet has demand for light crude oil nevertheless. International oil prices are another factor. While the U.S. is Canada’s largest source of crude oil imports, the U.S. is also the largest importer of Canadian crude oil by a large margin. History of crude oil and its uses The beginning of the developed oil industry can be traced back to 1837 in Baku, Azerbaijan, where the first oil refinery was created. Seven years later, came the first modern oil well. This oil well accounted for more than 90 percent of the world’s oil production. More commercial oil wells were gradually developed in Poland, Romania, Canada, and the United States. The first major oil company was the Standard Oil Company, created by John. D. Rockefeller. Crude oil is refined into petroleum, which is then used for heating buildings, creating electricity, gasoline, and among others. 
 This statistic shows the real average hourly earnings of all employees in the United States, by month. The data have been seasonally adjusted. The deflators used for constant-dollar earnings shown here come from the Consumer Price Indexes Programs. The Consumer Price Index for All Urban Employees (CPI-U) is used to deflate the data for all employees. In January 2019, the average hourly earnings were at 10.99 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic provides information on the share of adults who trust news media most of the time in selected countries worldwide as of February 2019. During the survey, 32 percent of respondents from the United States stated that they trusted news most of the time, compared to 52 percent of respondents in Canada. The United States was among the several countries where less than 35 percent of survey respondents considered news media generally trustworthy, ranking close to Malaysia, Taiwan and Slovakia. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Chicago Cubs from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Chicago Cubs was 38,208. • Chicago Cubs total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 Although Japan produced an impressive 8.36 million passenger cars in 2018, China swarmed the passenger car production sector across the Asia Pacific region, producing a staggering 23.7 million passenger cars. All other Asia Pacific countries seemed to pale in comparison. Why Asia Pacific? Interestingly, China did not only produce the most passenger cars in the Asia Pacific region in 2018, but it was estimated to produce the most passenger cars throughout the entire world in 2018. It is also anticipated that Chinese manufacturing companies such as BYD Auto co. Ltd will overtake the likes of America-based manufacturer Tesla in the electric car segment. Manufacturer collaborations China has implemented a strong culture for joint ventures in the automotive industry. The leading car manufacturers worldwide, including General Motors, Nissan, Peugeot, and Volkswagen all have joint ventures with Chinese carmakers, including the Big Four Chinese auto manufacturers. SAIC Motor Corporation Limited (informally SAIC, formerly Shanghai Automotive Industry Corporation), Chang'an Automobile, FAW Group Corporation, and Dongfeng Motor Corporation are counted among China’s leading motor vehicle manufacturers. Its joint venture policy has helped China become Asia’s main producer of automobiles, ahead of Japan and South Korea. Unlike China, these two countries have had strong domestic automotive sectors of their own for many decades and are home to some of the most valuable automobile manufacturers worldwide, such as Toyota, Honda, and Hyundai. 
 This statistic presents the per capita consumption of fresh bananas in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh bananas amounted to approximately 28.22 pounds in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Jacksonville Jaguars from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Jacksonville Jaguars was 59,987. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Russia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in Russia was around 1.66 trillion U.S. dollars. Russian economy The Russian economy is primarily directed by both the private sector and the state. As a member of the BRIC, Russia is currently experiencing an accelerated growth within the economy with a chance of earning a place in the G7 economies. As of the 1990s, a large amount of the country’s industrial and agricultural sectors were privatized, however energy and military production remained with the state for the most part. As a result, the majority of Russian exports consisted of energy products as well as high-tech military equipment. The effects of the global financial crisis of 2008 took a similar toll on the Russian economy, however only had short term effects. Russia recovered after 2 years and has since experienced exponential economical growth and productivity due to aggressive and prompt actions from the government, providing Russia with one of the most profitable economies in the world. Additionally, unemployment reached an all-decade low from the recent Russian economic boom, which furthermore implies that there is a slight growth in wages, however is also accompanied by a large worker shortage. 
 Cats and dogs are European households’ favorite animals to keep, although more unconventional choices such as reptiles and small mammals are chosen as pets in high numbers too. In 2018, the population of pet cats in Europe was over 103 million. Germany and France were the two countries where the number of cats was the highest. What about dogs? The number of dogs in Europe was lower than the number of cats, although dogs are a constant presence for a considerable share of Europeans as well. As recently as 2017, about one in five households in Europe owned at least one pet dog. Although dog ownership per household showed a decline compared to previous years, the number of dogs in Europe generally increased. Pet care in Europe Pets are invaluable companions to us all, but also predictably tied to a valuable industry. In Western Europe, the market value of pet care was estimated to be on the rise with more growth predicted for the future. Typically, pet care products consist of pet food as well as accessories and veterinary supplies. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Bulgaria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Bulgaria had amounted to about 2.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Seattle Mariners games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 37.77 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the New England Patriots from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the New England Patriots was 65,878. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Uganda from 1984 to 2019, with projections up until 2024. In 2019, the average inflation rate in Uganda amounted to about 3.18 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows Scotland's gross domestic product (GDP) from 2011/2012 to 2016/2017. Scotland's GDP increased till the end of the period by a total of over 19 billion British pounds. 
 According to a national pet owners survey, the number of birds owned as a pet by households in the United States reached 20.6 million in 2017. The number of pet birds has fluctuated over the past few years, hitting a low of 14.3 million in 2015. Americans love their pets Some 68 percent of all households in the United States owned at least one pet in 2017, this is an increase of over 10 percent since 1988. Freshwater fish were the most commonly owned pet in terms of volume in 2017 , followed by cats, dogs and birds. Pet ownership is, however, not evenly distributed between age groups - Americans aged between 18 and 29 were most likely to own a pet. Industry leadersPetSmart and PETCO, the American pet product retail chains, are the industry leaders within the North American pet market, with 1,656 and 1,482 pet stores respectively. PetSmart’s revenue reached approximately 5.32 billion U.S. dollars in the United States in the 2018/19 fiscal year ending on January 31. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Kenya from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 27.03 percent of Kenya's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 West Virginia, Mississippi, and Oklahoma are the U.S. states with the highest percentage of their population who are obese. The states with the lowest percentage of their population who are obese include Colorado, Hawaii, and California. It is estimated that around 31 percent of the entire U.S. population is obese. Obesity in the United States Obesity is a growing problem in many countries around the world, but the United States has the highest rate of obesity among all OECD countries. The prevalence of obesity in the United States has risen steadily over the previous two decades with no signs of declining. Obesity in the U.S. is more common among women than men and overweight and obesity rates are higher among African Americans than any other race or ethnicity. Causes and health impacts Obesity is most commonly the result of a combination of poor diet, overeating, physical inactivity, and a genetic susceptibility. Obesity is associated with various negative health impacts including an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases, certain types of cancer, and diabetes type 2. As of 2017, a shocking 9.4 percent of the U.S. population had been diagnosed with diabetes. Diabetes is currently the seventh leading cause of death in the U.S.
 This statistic gives information on the most-followed tennis players on Twitter as of June 2018. As of that month, Spanish player Rafael Nadal was ranked first with almost 15.5 million Twitter followers. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Australia from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, 86.01 percent of Australia's population lived in cities. 
 The median initial public offering (IPO) in the United States was 108 million U.S. dollars in 2019. This figure gives an idea of how willing speculators in the United States are to invest in a company going public, which is the process of being listed on a stock exchange for the first time. Who goes public? Most IPOs come from relatively new firms that have grown quickly. For example, the Alibaba Group Holding IPO was the largest IPO in the United States. This firm is a relatively new tech company overseen by Jack Ma, who had already generated billions in private funding before going public. However, Visa’s 2008 IPO occurred 50 years after the company’s founding, when it had millions of credit cards in circulation. Still, the company had generated enough enthusiasm for its IPO to raise a record amount of money. Over and under the median The megadeals such as the Alibaba IPO are rare, though there is an increasing number of startup companies valued at one billion U.S. dollars. While these raise the median value, the worst IPOs lower it. While a successful IPO can lead to huge gains in valuation, the IPOs with the lowest return lose over half the company’s value. For this reason, companies are willing to pay significant underwriter fees to ensure a smooth first day in the public markets. 
 This statistics shows military spending in selected countries as a percentage of their respective gross domestic product. In 2018, military expenditure of the U.S.A. was estimated at 3.2 percent of nation's total gross domestic product. A ranking of the countries with the highest military expenditures can be accessed here. 
 There were 77,647 branches of FDIC-insured commercial banks in the United States in 2018. After a period of growth from 2000 to 2008, this number has been slowly diminishing in the past few years. In 2018, Wells Fargo led the ranking of banks with the highest number of branches. What does the FDIC do? The FDIC (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation) is an agency created by the United States Congress that guarantees the deposits in commercial banks up to 250,000 U.S. dollars. This protects depositors in the event that the bank becomes insolvent. It also enables banks to issue more loans, since depositors may prefer banks that are insured by the FDIC. Trends in the banking industry While the number of branches has stayed relatively stable, the number of FDIC-insured commercial banks has declined in recent years. As younger generations become more accustomed to online and digital banking, the need for bank branches may also wane. 
 Real Madrid is one of the most prestigious football clubs worldwide. In the 2018/2019 season the club had a enterprise value of approximately 4.2 billion euros and generated a revenue of approximately 757 million euros. Within the past decade the revenue of Real Madrid has more than doubled. La Liga Real Madrid plays in the La Liga, the highest tier football league in Spain, which is one of the Big Five, the five leading professional football leagues in Europe, being La Liga from Spain, the Premier League from England, the Bundesliga from Germany, Serie A from Italy and Ligue 1 from France. After FC Barcelona, Real Madrid has the highest average attendance in La Liga with 60,967 people attending their games on average. Source of income When broken down, the majority of Real Madrid’s revenue is coming from commercial income. The remainder is generated from broadcasting fees and matchday proceeds. Madrid is also on second place right behind FC Barcelona when it comes to the average player salary. Madrid players have an average salary of 10.64 million U.S. dollars compared to Barcelona players, who make an average of 13.76 million U.S. dollars per year. 
 In 2017, the occupancy rate of hospitals in the U.S. stood at 65.9 percent. Hospitals are a cornerstone of health services in any country and also contribute considerably to the economy. Nevertheless, the number of hospitals in the U.S. has decreased in recent years. Number of hospitals In 2016, there were around 5,534 hospitals in operation in the U.S., compared to 6,291 hospitals in the year 1995. There has been a decline in the number of hospitals in the U.S. starting as far back as the 1970s, despite a growing overall population and increasing elderly population. The highest number of hospitals are non-profit, while a smaller proportion are for-profit or state/government hospitals. Economic impact Hospitals contribute to an economy in many ways. In 2016, this total contribution in the U.S. was around 2.97 trillion dollars. At that time, hospitals contributed just over one trillion dollars in wages and salaries. As of 2018, there were an estimated 7.1 million people employed in hospitals across the United States. 
 In 2018, the state of Mississippi had the highest infant mortality rate in the United States, with 8.9 deaths per 1,000 live births. Infant mortality is the death of an infant before the age of one. The countries with the lowest infant mortality rates worldwide are Monaco, Japan, and Iceland. The countries with the highest infant mortality rates include Afghanistan, Somalia, and the Central African Republic. Causes Rates and causes of infant mortality are different depending on the country and region. However, the leading causes of neonatal deaths include preterm birth complications, intrapartum-related events, and sepsis. The leading causes of death among children aged 1 to 59 months are pneumonia, diarrhea, and injury. In the United States The infant mortality rate in the United States has decreased over the past few decades, reaching a low of 5.7 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2017. The most common causes of infant death in the United States are congenital malformations, low birth rate, maternal complications, and sudden infant death syndrome. In 2017, congenital malformations accounted for around 119 infant deaths per 100,000 live births. 
 This graph shows the real value added to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Colorado in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the mining industry added 19.43 billion chained 2012 U.S. dollars of value to the state GDP. 
 This statistic displays the minimum monthly wage in selected Latin American countries for 2019. According to the source, Uruguay is the country with the highest basic salary in the region, with a minimum wage of 462.3 U.S. dollars per month. On the other side of the spectrum is Venezuela, with a minimum monthly salary of only seven dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Saudi Arabia from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Saudi Arabia's population was 30 years. See Saudi Arabia's population figures for comparison. 
 This statistic shows the estimated number of days lost due to workplace injury in Great Britain from 2010/11 to 2017/18. In 2017/18, the number of days lost due to workplace injury amounted to approximately 3.9 million days lost, the lowest amount in the provided time interval. 
 In 2018, Hong Kong had the most expensive residential property market worldwide, with an average property price of 1.24 million U.S. dollars. The government of Hong Kong provide public housing for lower-income residents and almost 45 percent of the Hong Kong population lived in public permanent housing in 2017. 
 The statistic presents the distribution of Facebook users in the United States as of November 2019, broken down by age group. As of the measured period, 25 to 34 year olds accounted for 27.5 percent of Facebook users in the United States. 
 This timeline displays a forecast of the number of mobile banking users in the United States up to 2016. By 2014, it is predicted that 89 million people will be accessing mobile banking services on their mobile phones. Mobile banking – additional information The number of smartphone users in the United States increases each year and with increasing penetration, smartphones are changing the way we do just about everything – including banking. In 2009, as few as 36 million people were using mobile banking services. By 2016, it is expected that 111 million people will use the service increasing from an 18 percent share among mobile phone owners to a 51 percent share in 2016. Younger generations are of course the first ones to jump on and take advantage of the service; older generations will need a bit more time. What typically makes mobile banking most appealing is the convenience of it, it saves time and it can be done at any hour. Common reasons for not using the service include: banking needs already being met by the traditional system of banking, a lack of reasons for using it and because users are concerned with the security of the service. However, with time and increasing penetration it will become more and more appealing. Furthermore, it is not only banks that are providing their customers with mobile banking services, but entirely new mobile banks. A mobile bank is essentially an application, without a physical branch and without the fees of traditional banking. 
 This statistic depicts the largest Honduran-American population groups living in different counties across the United States as of 2010. At this time there were 54,192 people of Honduran origin living in Miami-Dade County in Florida. 
 This statistic displays the price of rare earth oxide cerium oxide globally from 2009 to 2025. It is expected that the price of cerium oxide will reach some 5,959 U.S. dollars per metric ton in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Lincoln Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Lincoln Memorial amounted to approximately 7.81 million in 2019. 
 The statistic shows the average prices for Boeing aircraft as of January 2019, by type. The 737-800 model had a list price of 106.1 million U.S. dollars. The Boeing 777-9 is the company’s most expensive model Along with Airbus, Embraer, and Bombardier Aerospace, Boeing is one of the world's four largest aircraft manufacturers. The maker of airplanes, rockets, satellites and rotorcraft is the global leader based on revenue. The Chicago-headquartered jet manufacturer greatly outperformed its main competitor, Airbus: Boeing generated over 100 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018, compared to the 73 billion U.S. dollars (or about 63.7 billion euros) generated by Airbus. The competition between Boeing and Airbus has been intense over the years. With the exception of 2011, when Airbus received a staggering 1,608 orders, both companies have been receiving a somewhat comparable amount of orders since 2003. Boeing’s 737 aircraft series have emerged as the company’s best sellers, accounting for over 69 percent of all aircraft delivered worldwide by Boeing in 2017. That said, the Boeing 737 Max-8 was involved in a sequence of airplane crashes, and has thus been grounded in many countries around the world. The Boeing 737 twinjet narrow-body jet is a shorter, more economical model similar to Boeing’s 727 and 707. The Boeing 737-700, which costs just under 90 million U.S. dollars, is among the least expensive models, while the Boeing 777-9, priced at 442 million U.S. dollars, is among the most expensive ones on Boeing's price list. 
 The number of smartphone users in Germany has increased steadily in recent years, and is expected to keep rising until at least 2022. By 2022, there will be an expected 64.97 million smartphone users in Germany. Smartphones: reduced barriers to ownership Just as they reach a higher share of the global population, smart phones also (there is an “are” missing in between those two) becoming more accessible. In terms of price, the average selling price for smartphones in Europe fell from 419 U.S. dollars in 2013, to 259 U.S. dollars in 2017. Lower prices as well as improved accessibility controls for users with special needs, have expanded the potential customer base for smartphone manufacturers. From 2012 to 2017, the share of individuals over the age 55 who owned a smartphone rose from 14 percent to 55 percent, highlighting the improved accessibility of the devices. Smartphone market in Germany Android is largely unchallenged as Germany’s preferred operating system, enjoying a 76 percent share of OS market. When it comes to individual devices though, Apple or android devices consistently top the sales charts. In January 2019, the Apple iPhone XR was the most sold smartphone in Germany. Whether or not an Apple, Samsung or Huawei device emerges in first place is highly dependent on the release cycle of new models. 
 In 2018, there were 9,599 mutual funds in the United States. While there was a slight decrease after the Financial Crisis, the number of these funds increased during the recovery. What are mutual funds? Mutual funds are financial vehicles pulling investors’ money to buy a diversified portfolio of financial instruments. Depending on the investment fund strategy, defined in fund prospectus, mutual funds can invest money in different asset classes. These different fund types appeal differently to investors, depending on the economic climate. Some investment funds also take other factors into consideration. SRI (Socially Responsible Investment) funds, for example, only invest in companies engaging in socially- or environment-friendly activities. Mutual fund outlook Since 2000, over two in five U.S. households have owned mutual funds. Over the same period, the total net assets of these funds has more than doubled. This is likely because these funds provide an easy, relatively safe investment option that shows modest returns, which appeals to long-term investors such as those saving for retirement. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Greece from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, GDP per capita in Greece amounted to around 20,317.18 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC customs duty receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. Over this period, customs duties have amounteed to approximately 52.5 billion British pounds (GBP) worth of revenue, with the years 2016/17 and 2017/18 both generating 3.4 billion pounds each. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Vietnam from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Vietnam was 1.89 percent. 
 This statistic shows the total farmland area in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2014, farms in the United States occupied a total area of approximately 913 million acres. By 2018, this amount decreased to 899 million acres. 
 The timeline pictures the per capita consumption of cheese in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The per capita consumption of the entire cheese category in the United States amounted to about 39 pounds in 2017. 
 In 2019, around 29 percent of 12th graders in the United States stated they felt it was “fairly easy” or “very easy” to obtain LSD. This is a significant decrease from 54 percent of 12th graders who perceived the drug to be easy to obtain in the year 1995. LSD is a hallucinogenic drug that can alter the user’s thoughts, feelings, and perception of reality. Teen drug availability Similar to LSD, 26.5 percent of 12th graders in the U.S. also perceived it easy to obtain cocaine. Perceived availability of cocaine among this group has decreased since the year 2007, in which 47 percent felt it was easy to obtain. Marijuana is the most used illicit drug among 12th graders, so it is unsurprising that perceived availability is high. In 2019, around 78 percent of 12th graders stated it was easy to obtain marijuana. Drug use Marijuana is the most popular illicit drug in the United States, with around 43 million people using this drug in the past year as of 2018. Cocaine is the second most commonly used illicit drug, followed by ecstasy and LSD. In total, around over 27 million people in the U.S. have used LSD in their lifetime. 
 This statistic displays the population of Belgium in 2019, by age group. In 2019, approximately 802 thousand inhabitants were aged between 50 and 54, and roughly 90 thousand people were aged between 90 and 94. The largest age group was formed by those between 50 and 54 years old, whereas those over 100 years old formed the smallest age group. In 2019, approximately 1,490 people in Belgium were 100 years or older. For an overview of the last ten years, this statistic about the population of Belgium from 2009 to 2019 shows that in 2009 approximately 2.2 million Belgians were 17 years or younger, roughly 6.7 million were between 18 and 64 years old, and approximately 1.8 million were 65 years or older. By 2019, the youngest age group had increased to over 2.3 million. Roughly seven million Belgians were between 18 and 64 years in 2018, and approximately 2.2 million people were 65 years or older. This shows that in the last ten years, all age groups have grown in size. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey asking individuals in the United Kingdom how much they think the unit cost is to have a liver transplant on the NHS in 2015. The average cost of a liver transplant is estimated to be 12,279 British pounds. The majority of respondents, 64 percent, predicted the cost to be less than ten thousand British pounds. 
 Bangkok had the most international overnight visitors in 2018 with 22.78 million, followed by Paris and London with 19.1 and 19.09 million, respectively. Is Bangkok the world’s number one tourist destination? Bangkok has become increasingly popular as a tourist attraction over the past years, and its popularity looks unlikely to wane any time soon. The number of overnight visitors to Thailand’s capital has more than doubled since 2010. The city has many attractions on offer, including temples, local markets, a varied nightlife and shopping. Therefore, it may come as no surprise that Bangkok was also one of the leading cities in international visitor spending worldwide in 2018, with visitors to the city spending over 20 billion U.S. dollars. Although tourists spend a lot of money when traveling to Bangkok, it still ranked among the 30 cheapest holiday destinations in the world by average price per night per person in 2018. Global tourism industry Globally, the tourism industry has experienced continuous year-over-year growth for the past decade. In 2018, the number of international tourist arrivals worldwide was estimated to reach approximately 1.4 billion – the figure having more than doubled over the past 15 years. 
 Mangos are native to South and Southeast Asia and are now enjoyed all over the world. The global production volume of mangos, mangosteens, and guavas reached 50.65 million metric tons in 2017, an increase from 46.5 million metric tons in the 2016. Mango production in Asia Much of the world’s mangos come from the Asia Pacific region, specifically India and China. In 2016, India’s mango, mangosteen and guava production volume amounted to 19.5 million tons, or just under half of the world’s mangos in that year. The volume of mangos produced in China in 2016 was about 4.8 million tons. U.S. Mango consumption Mangos are a popular and widely available fruit in the United States. The popularity of mangos among Americans is only increasing with time. In 2000, Americans on average would consume 1.75 pounds of fresh mango per year and by 2017, this figure had nearly doubled to 3.21 pounds of fresh mango per capita. Dried mango is another popular way to consume the fruit, and is readily available in many U.S. grocery stores. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Philadelphia Phillies games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 36.04 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistics shows the ten largest Syrian refugee-hosting countries as of 2018. The data refers to the total number of Syrian refugees in a given country, not considering the date of their application for asylum or the date of their flight. At the end of 2018, about 3.62 million Syrian refugees were living in Turkey. 
 This statistic shows the evolution of total money supply (measurement M4) in the United Kingdom (UK) economy from October 2017 to October 2019. Money supply is understood as the entire stock of currency and other liquid financial instruments circulating in the economy of the country at the particular point in time. Money supply can be measured in various ways: one of these is M4 measure. It is called otherwise a "broad money aggregate", as it is based on the most inclusive methods of calculating a country's money supply, it results in the broadest estimate. The formula for calculation varies to a degree between countries, but the general rule is to include the totality of assets that households and businesses use to make payments and to hold as short-term investments. In the United Kingdom, this measure includes currency (notes and coin), funds in bank accounts: sterling deposits, commercial papers, bonds, claims on MFIs arising from repos, estimated holdings of sterling bank bills and other categories. Data displayed in the graph showed that the M4 money supply on the UK market grew between October 2017 to October 2019. In the latest month displayed, the value of total money supply reached almost 2.48 trillion British pounds (GBP). 
 This statistic depicts the annual net sales of Kimberly-Clark from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the annual revenue of Kimberly-Clark amounted to some 18.45 billion U.S. dollars. Kimberly-Clark Corporation is one of the world's leading manufacturers of paper-based consumer products. The company is headquartered in Irving, Texas. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Detroit Tigers games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 28.31 U.S. dollars. Detroit Tigers The Detroit Tigers are a franchise of Major League Baseball founded in 1894. The team is part of MLB’s American League Central Division, which also includes the Cleveland Indians, the Kansas City Royals, the Minnesota Twins and the Chicago White Sox. In its history the Detroit Tigers have won the World Series four times, the first one in 1935 and most recently in 1984. Since the year 2000, the Detroit Tigers have been playing their home games at the newly constructed Comerica Park, which has a seating capacity of about 41 thousand. In the 2018 season the average attendance at games of the Tigers was at 23,212, a total attendance of 1.86 million. The average ticket price was 28.15 U.S. dollars. According to the report, concession stands in the stadium charged 5 U.S. dollars for a beer, 4.75 U.S. dollars for a hot dog and 4.75 U.S. dollars for a soft drink. Over the past ten years, revenue of the Detroit Tigers has increased every year from 108 million U.S. dollars in 2002 to 277 million U.S. dollars in 2017. However, this figure dipped slightly to 276 million U.S. dollars in 2018. The franchise, which is owned by Mike Ilitch, is currently valued at 1.3 billion U.S. dollars, placing it 21st overall amongst teams of Major League Baseball. The average franchise value was at 1.645 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were using Reddit as of February 2019, sorted by age group. During that period of time, 22 percent of respondents between 18 and 29 years used the social networking site. 
 This statistic gives information on the fastest growing online and tech companies in 2017, based on three-year average sales growth. Food delivery platform GrubHub went public in 2014 and was ranked first with a three-year average sales growth of 52 percent. 
 This statistic shows the number of Apple stores around the world from 2005 to 2015. In 2015, there were 463 Apple stores worldwide. Apple Stores info Since the opening of the first Apple store in the United States in 2001, the number of Apple stores around the world has boomed, surpassing 200 stores after 2007 and still rising. The stores are located in many high profile locations and cities around the world including New York, London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Sydney, Osaka and Shanghai just to name a few and typically boast exceptional designs such as the famous glass cube found in midtown Manhattan. Official store openings have come to be a reputable event with many thousands of people often turning up in response to the promise of prizes, giveaways and prestige. People have also been known to line up overnight at Apple stores upon the release of new products. Originally experts were skeptical as to whether the concept of self-branded stand alone Apple stores would indeed prove to be successful. In 2014, Apple reported revenue of 21.46 billion U.S. dollars from sales from their own branded retail stores alone. By starting their own stores, Apple has been able to take control of the imaging, presentation and reputation of their brand in a more controlled way than many other brands which has only further aided their unprecedented success in the global market. 
 The value of India's television industry was estimated to reach 13.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2020. It was valued at just over ten billion dollars in 2017. Television was part of the brown segment of consumer durables in the country. TV penetration increased to reach 66 percent in 2018, diversifying into the semi-urban and rural areas where 109 out of 197 TV sets belong to rural India. 
 This statistic shows the total assets of carmaker Toyota from the fiscal year of 2008 to the fiscal year of 2019. Toyota’s total assets amounted to around 51.9 trillion yen in the fiscal year of 2019. The Toyota Motor Corporation is a Japanese multinational company and one of the largest automobile manufacturers in the world. Toyota had the third highest global car sales by manufacturer in 2018. 
 In 2017, the Italian fashion company Guccio Gucci S.p.A., well known worldwide for designing and producing high-end clothing, footwear and accessories for women, men and kids, reported a total workforce of 947 employees. This figure represented an increase of almost 200 units compared to the first year considered in the graph, when the number of employees amounted to 767. However, the most remarkable increase in the workforce of the company was seen in 2017, when Gucci hired 133 additional employees. Gone global The numbers shown in this graph only refer to the employees located in the company’s headquarters and manufacturing plant in Florence, Italy. In 2018, Gucci , which operates as a subsidiary of the Kering Group, boasted over 500 directly operated stores worldwide. With global revenues amounting to over 8 billion euros, the Gucci brand generated more than 60 percent of the total revenue of the Kering Group. The Gucci brand Founded in 1921 in Florence as a leather goods manufacturer, Gucci has become one of the leading players in the global luxury goods market and ranked third in the list of the most valuable luxury brands worldwide in 2018. Worth noting is also the brand’s presence on social media: Gucci’s Instagram account was followed by 25.5 million users worldwide as of May 2018. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Taco Bell restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. Taco Bell's ACSI score was 75 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. Taco Bell Taco Bell is quick-service restaurant chain based in Irvine, California, with a focus on Mexican-style food products such as tacos, nachos, burritos and quesadillas. It is a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, which also own Kentucky Fried Chicken and Pizza Hut. Yum! Brands’ overall revenue was at 5.69 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 and Taco Bell accounted for over two billion U.S. dollars of that revenue. In 2018, there were a over seven thousand Taco Bell restaurants in operation. In 2017, the majority (6,588) of those stores were located in the United States. The remaining Taco Bell restaurants were located in the other 26 countries where Taco Bell operates. 
 This statistic contains data on the quarterly net loss of Twitter from the first quarter of 2012 to the fourth quarter of 2019. In the last reported quarter, the social network generated a total net income of 118.77 million U.S. dollars. The social platform has only been reporting positive income since the fourth quarter of 2017. 
 This graph displays the birth rate in the United States in 2017, distinguished by age of mother. In 2017, the number of births per 1,000 women was the highest in the age group between 20 and 34 year old (88) and was the lowest (12) in the group aged between 15 and 19 years. 
 This statistic reflects the global banana production by region in 2018. In Asia, some 62.6 million metric tons of bananas were produced in that year. 
 As of December 2019, the number of people employed worldwide by Puma was 14,332. The average number of employees across the year increased from 12,192 in 2018 to 13,348 in 2019. Growth in the workforce was mainly due to an expansion of the company’s retail stores, which included official Puma stores and factory outlets. Where does Puma rank in the sportswear market? Puma was the third-largest sportswear company worldwide as of 2019, but the company’s global revenue pales in comparison to its two bigger rivals: adidas and Nike. Fellow German brand adidas, the second-largest sportswear company in the world, generates almost five times more revenue than Puma. The disparity is further reflected in the number of employees at the leading sportswear companies in 2018: adidas employed around 57,000 people worldwide, while Nike employed approximately 73,000 people. Puma is clawing back share of footwear sales Puma has been making impressive gains in the footwear market over recent years. Revenue generated from global footwear sales amounted to around 2.6 billion euros in 2019, accounting for a 46 percent share of the company’s consolidated sales. Revenue from Puma’s footwear segment may have reached record levels in 2019, but the manufacturer’s figures are almost nine times smaller than the market leader Nike. 
 This statistic shows the global unit shipments of e-Readers from 2010 to 2015. In 2013, 33.9 million units of e-Readers were shipped worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the distribution of the global population as of mid-2019, by continent. As of 2019, about 59.64 percent of the global population was living in Asia. The total world population amounted to 7.69 billion people on the planet. See figures for the total population by continent here. Global population Due to medical advances, better living conditions and the increase of agricultural productivity, the world population is expected to grow. Mortality rates are decreasing and the median age of the world population increased over the last few years from 24 years in 1995 to 29.6 years in 2015. According to the United Nations Department of Economic and Social Affairs, 7.38 billion people were counted in 2015. The number of people is estimated to grow steadily and in 2100, the global population is estimated to be approximately at 10.87 billion people. The countries with the highest population growth rate in 2017 were mostly African countries. Compared to the previous year, the South Sudan's population grew by about 3.83 percent in 2017. The country with the highest population decline rate in 2017 was the Cook Islands. In the Cook Islands, the population decreased by about 2.79 percent compared to the previous year. Asia is the most populous continent on earth. China was the country with the largest population. In mid 2018, about 1.39 billion people lived in China. 
 Euro Stoxx 50 is the index designed by STOXX, a globally operating index provider headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, which in turn is owned by Deutsche Börse Group. This index provides the broad representation of the Eurozone blue chips performance. Blue chips are corporations known on the European market for quality, reliability and the ability to operate profitably both in good and bad economic times. Development of the Euro Stoxx 50 index The year-end value of the Euro Stoxx 50 peaked in 1999, with 4,904.46 index points. It noted significant decrease between 1999 and 2002, then an increase to 4,399.72 in 2007, prior to the global recession. Since the very sharp decline in 2008, there was a tentative increase, never yet reaching the pre-recession levels. As of the end of 2019, the Euro Stoxx 50 index amounted to 3745.15 points, its highest position post recession. Some of the following reputable companies formed the Euro Stoxx 50 index: Adidas, Airbus Group, Allianz, BMW, BNP Paribas, L'Oréal, ING Group NV, Nokia, Phillips, Siemens, Société Générale SA or Volkswagen Group. European financial stock exchange indices Other European indices include the DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex) index and the FTSE 100 (Financial times Stock Exchange 100 index). FTSE, informally known as the “Footsie”, is a share index of the 100 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with the highest market capitalization. The Index, which began in January 1984 with the base level of 1000, reached 6728.1 at closing of 2018. More in-depth information can be found in the Statista dossier on stock market indices. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate of Mexican Americans from 1990 to 2019. The unemployment rate for Mexican Americans decreased to 4.4 percent in 2019. The overall national unemployment rate was at 3.7 percent in 2019 and can be found here. 
 Johnson & Johnson’s revenues have generally been increasing over the last several years. As of 2019, Johnson & Johnson’s total net income was estimated to be about 15.12 billion U.S. dollars. This is a slight decrease from the previous year when net income was at about 15.3 billion U.S. dollars. Johnson & Johnson has been majorly impacted by tax laws that cost the company about 13.6 billion dollars in 2018. Johnson & Johnson’s revenue overview Johnson & Johnson is a multinational company that is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey, in the United States. The company’s largest business segment is their pharmaceutical segment, but the company also operates in medical devices, diagnostics, and consumer products. Regionally the United States makes up the largest proportion of Johnson & Johnson’s sales, followed by Europe. Johnson & Johnson’s global R&D positioning Johnson & Johnson has been ranked second among global pharmaceutical companies based on their research and development spending in 2018. Johnson & Johns is also ranked among the top three pharmaceutical companies based on the number of drugs developed in-house. Similarly, Johnson & Johnson is ranked among the top three pharmaceutical companies based on the number of drugs in development in 2019. 
 The common equity tier 1 capital ratio of HSBC was to 14.7 percent in 2019. This was up from 14 percent the year earlier, the highest ratio in the past six years. What is the tier 1 capital ratio? Tier 1 capital is essentially the amount of money a bank has on hand in case it needs to cover unexpected expenses from risky transactions. Core capital is mostly the combination of retained earnings and common stock. This statistic reports the value of this common stock against risk divided by the risk-weighted total of HSBC’s assets. This is important because losses in these assets or a sudden uptick in withdrawals can easily be covered by tier 1 capital, making this a measure of a bank’s robustness. Importance of core capital Banks keep core capital to guard against unexpected expenses. In the very short run, commercial banks can also borrow from the central bank’s discount window for a low interest rate. In the United States, this is the federal funds rate. Without such reserves and financing options, a run on deposits or a large default on assets can lead to insolvencies. 
 Approximately 4.4 million passenger cars were sold to customers in Japan in 2018. In terms of sales, Toyota and Honda were the leading car brands in Japan during that year, selling over 1.5 million and 747 thousand vehicles respectively. Worldwide car sales are expected to reach a sales volume of around 77 million units in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Cambodia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Cambodian population was 24 years. 
 This statistic shows the number of households in Belgium in 2019, by type. In 2019 approximately five million private households were counted in Belgium, of which approximately 35 percent or 1.7 million were single-person households. Approximately one million households consisted of married couples with children living at home, whereas another 951,000 married couples had no children living at home. Relatively few households consisted of unmarried couples without children living at home. As this statistic shows, the number of households in Belgium is constantly increasing, from 4.7 million in 2011 to nearly five million according to the most recent numbers. This number is therefore expected to slowly increase further in the near future, with ever more single-person households forming in Belgium. Because of the ageing population, the number of collective households could also increase in the future. 
 The statistic shows information on the monthly number of peak concurrent players of Grand Theft Auto V on Steam worldwide as of January 2020. In January 2020, GTA V reached 214.8 thousand concurrent players on Steam. 
 The statistic shows the global consumption value of household appliances from 2013 to 2020. In 2013, the worldwide consumption of household appliances amounted to 428.17 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Starwood Hotels & Resorts worldwide from 2005 to 2015. The hotel company generated approximately 5.76 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2015. Starwood Hotels & Resorts was founded in 1969 and now has more than 1,200 properties worldwide. 
 In American Football terms, receiving yards refers to the number of yards gained by a receiver on a passing play – this not only includes the length of the pass, but also the additional yards that the player was able to run once he was in possession of the ball. Jerry Rice is the only player in NFL history with more than 20,000 receiving yards – the wide receiver racked up 22,895 receiving yards in a career spanning from 1985 to 2004. Jerry Rice – NFL legend With an unrivalled number of receiving yards to his name, it is no wonder that Jerry Rice is considered a legend of the game. Widely lauded as the best wide receiver in history, the Mississippi native was inducted into the Pro Football Hall of Fame in 2010. Rice spent the majority of his career in San Francisco, plying his trade for the 49ers. Unsurprisingly, he is the runaway leader for all time receiving yards for the franchise with 19,247 yards. No other player for the 49ers has managed to break the 10,000-yard barrier. Having been on the receiving end of so many successful passes, Jerry Rice also leads the way in number of touchdowns for the 49ers – he scored 187 times for the San Francisco team, more than twice that of his closest rival, Terrell Owens. Leading quarterbacks Behind every great wide receiver is a great quarterback as without a perfect throw, the pass would never be completed. Drew Brees, who has been plying his trade as a quarterback in the NFL since 2001, currently leads the way with the most passing yards in NFL history – he has passed a combined total of over 77 thousand yards for the San Diego Chargers and the New Orleans Saints, beating stiff competition from other legendary quarterbacks including Peyton Manning, Brett Favre, and Tom Brady. The skill and level of performance of these modern-day quarterbacks can be seen in the fact that the average completed passing yards per game stands at 234 yards – between 1950 and 1959, this figure stood at just 167 yards. 
 In 2018, the most popular accommodation type for overnight stays of tourists in Denmark was a holiday house; approximately 19.5 million tourist overnight stays were counted. Hotels and camping sites came in second and third place as preferred holiday accommodations in the country, measured by number of overnight stays of tourists. Overall, the number of arrivals in Danish tourist accommodation increased constantly. As of 2017, it amounted to 7.7 million arrivals at accommodation establishments. Holiday house tradition A long holiday house tradition exists in Denmark. In the fifties and sixties, Danes began to build holiday houses and went there for vacation. Today, Danish holiday houses belong to the most modern ones in Europe and are rented by international and domestic tourists. Especially the summer time seems to be very popular among tourists for renting a holiday house. In July 2018, the number of overnight stays reached almost 4.2 million. Novasol The holiday house letting industry became important in Denmark and many letting offices were created. Novasol A/S is Northern Europe's largest company for holiday rentals, operating in 28 European countries. The holiday accommodation letting office was founded in 1968 in Denmark and has its headquarter still there. The company’s revenue grew strongly in recent years and peaked at around three billion Danish kroner in 2017. 
 This statistic gives information on the most popular social networking apps in the United States as of September 2019, ranked by average session length. During the measured period, mobile Instagram users spent an average of 2.95 minutes on the social networking platform per session. 
 Zlatan Ibrahimović ist he all time leading goal scorer of the national football team of Sweden with a total of 62 goals scored, followed by Sven Rydell with 43 goals. Through his international football career Zlatan became a prominent public figure. He not only leads in goals for Sweden but also in facebook fans in Sweden with 26.3 million fans. On Twitter, on the other hand, he comes in second behind Swedish streamer Felix Kjellberg, commonly known as PewDiePie. No Zlatan at World Cup Even though many fans had hoped he would have came out of his retirement from the national team to play in the 2018 World Cup, Zlatan did not take part for unclear reason, some rumored to be due to his general health condition, including a torn ACL in the prior year. The most attended match of the Swedish national football team in 2018 was on 3rd July versus Switzerland in Saint Petersburg Stadium and had 64,042 attendees. The highest attended match in history for Sweden was back in 1950 against Brazil with a whopping 138,886 live spectators. Over a fifth of Swedes miss work or school to watch World Cup games In a survey taken prior to World Cup 2018, close to half of the respondents stated they will go to a bar or restaurant to see part of it, while the majority also stated they will watch with friends and family. Preferred devices for viewing were a television or the internet, rather than mobile phones or tablets. 
 This statistic represents Kia's revenue between the 2009 and 2018 fiscal years. In the 2018 fiscal year, the Kia Motor Corporation generated around 54.2 trillion Korean won - or just under 50 billion U.S. dollars - in revenue. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Peru from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Peru increased by about 1.32 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Russia from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 74.43 percent of the total population lived in Russian cities. 
 New registrations for Triumph motorcycles were slightly lower in 2019 compared to 2018. July, September and October of 2019 were the only months when registration numbers exceeded those reported in the same time period the previous year. As with other motorcycle sales, numbers spiked in the warmer months and dropped during the winter season. Generally, figures peaked in March, which is when the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency issues new registration plates. In its 2018 fiscal year, Triumph had sold some 59,400 motorcycles worldwide, making it the largest United Kingdom based motorcycle manufacturer. Triumph’s financial performance Triumph Motorcycles Limited was established in 1983, after buying the naming rights to the Triumph brand, which had been part of the UK motor vehicle family since it began production in 1889. It generated 434 million British pounds in turnover in its 2018 fiscal year, which was the largest figure reported between 2008 and 2018. Honda most popular brand Honda was the most popular motorcycle brand in the United Kingdom between 2014 and 2018. In 2018, the Japanese producer sold roughly two and a half times as many motorcycles as Triumph to British consumers. Triumph came in third after another Japanese company – Yamaha, with 8,491 motorcycles sold. 
 As of July 2019, the 3D movie which had the highest lifetime gross at the North American box office was ‘Star Wars: The Force Awakens’ with 936.66 million U.S. dollars in revenue. For years, James Cameron’s 2009 hit ‘Avatar’ ranked second with over 760 million dollars in box office revenue. However, the movie was knocked down to third place after the success of ‘Avengers: Endgame’ which at the time of writing had generated 842.76 million U.S. dollars in box offices in Canada and the United States – more than ‘Captain America: Civil War’ and ‘Iron Man 3’ combined. The success of the final instalment in the Avengers series catapulted brothers Anthony and Joe Russo close to the top of the ranking of highest grossing directors of all time in the U.S., overtaking Peter Jackson, Robert Zemeckis, James Cameron and Ridley Scott. 3D cinema in North America Back in 2003, there were just two 3D films released in the United States and Canada. Ten years later in 2013, this figure had shot up to 54, seeing the release of movies such as ‘Top Gun 3D’ and ‘Texas Chainsaw 3D’. The box office revenue of movies with CGI, 3D effects or animation in that year amounted to just under 4.8 billion U.S. dollars, and surpassed 5.8 billion in 2018. The number of digital 3D cinema screens has surged over the past decade on a global level. For the U.S. and Canada, the number of screens grew from 1,514 to almost 17 thousand during the same time period, whilst the number of analog movie screens has dropped sharply. In 2008, there were more than 33 thousand analog screens in the U.S., compared to just 258 ten years later. These changes are natural in a world increasingly reliant on digital technology, and digital formats are arguably the future of the movie industry. However, many filmmakers dislike the digital format and lament what they consider to be the imminent ‘death’ of film as a medium. 
 Banks generally employ various strategies to attract and retain their customer base, such as cheap overdrafts, in-credit interest and no withdrawal charge. While the number of new and active customers can be easily observed, customer satisfaction is trickier. Knowing how customers feel about the service received can help banks adjust to the dynamics of an increasingly competitive market. Customer satisfaction for leading banks in the United Kingdom (UK) According to the Which? customer satisfaction survey, as of July 2019, approximately 86 percent of customers of Monzo Bank were satisfied with the banks' services and products, and willing to recommend it to their friends. First Direct and Nationwide completed the top three, with 85 percent and 79 percent customer satisfaction respectively. Investment in selected European countries Among the services that aim at making banking more customer-oriented and effortless is the current account switch service (CASS). CASS allows customers to change their bank account hassle-free, redirecting transactions and transferring payment arrangements. As of the first quarter of 2019, six out of 20 banks observed increased their customer base following the CASS process. The highest gain to loss ratio was recorded by Monzo Bank and Starling Bank, gaining respectively eight and seven times more new customers than the ones lost to other banks. This comes as no surprise, considering that challenger banks, also called disruptor banks, like Monzo have been gaining popularity in Europe in recent years. In 2019, Monzo was one of the top three online only banks in Europe by number of customers. More in-depth information can be found in the Statista DossierPlus on the current banking sector and meeting the demands of a digital future. 
 With the ease of internet access, the number of social media users in India stood at 326.1 million in 2018. This increase is relatively lower as compared to the growth that occurred between 2016 and 2017. Nevertheless, the social network users in the country were expected to be almost 448 million in 2023. Facebook remained the popular choice among the social media platforms as of 2017. What was the attraction and who was attracted to it? The Indian Premier League, an annual cricket tournament conducted across major cities in the country might hold the answer. The IPL, one in many cricketing events followed religiously in India, had the highest attendance among all cricket leagues worldwide. Apart from the attendance, fans seemed to be keen on updates about their favorite teams. The IPL teams registered over 59 million likes on Facebook alone and more than 81 million followers on Twitter. Most of the Facebook usage came from the younger generation, aged between 18-24 years to be precise, with over 97 million users in 2018. How was this achieved? Increased availability of internet connections and access in recent years, propelled by the central government's Digital India initiative was directly proportional in the growth of social media users. Internet penetration had been on the rise with almost 30 percent of the Indians being able to access the internet in 2016, which made the South Asian country the second largest market globally after China. 
 This statistic shows the top donors of humanitarian aid worldwide in 2019. In this year, the United States government donated nearly 6.5 billion U.S. dollars in humanitarian aid worldwide. 
 Fast casual restaurant chain Firehouse Subs generated sales of 794 million U.S. dollars from its U.S. establishments in 2018. This figure has risen by over 240 million in the past five years. Leading U.S. sandwich chains In terms of systemwide sales, Firehouse Subs placed fifth in a ranking of leading U.S. sandwich restaurant chains, including Subway, Arby’s and Jimmy John’s, in 2018. Unsurprisingly, Subway is the leading sandwich chain in the United States, with its systemwide sales amounting to approximately 10.41 billion dollars in 2018 – a figure that is over three times that of its closest competitor Arby’s. In terms of number of stores, Firehouse Subs operated around 1,133 units in the United States. Comparatively, Jimmy John’s Gourmet Sandwiches had approximately 2,840 units in the U.S. in 2018, making it the leading casual chain restaurant in the United States in terms of number of stores. 
 In 2018, Total S.A. had employed a total of 104,460 people as of December 31, 2018. Overview of Total S.A. Founded in 1924, Total S.A. is one is one of the seven oil ‘supermajor’ companies in the world. Headquarted in Paris-Courbevoie, France, the French multinational company operates throughout the entire oil and gas supply chain and is also a large-scale chemicals manufacturer. In 2018, they generated a revenue of 209.36 billion U.S. dollars, a significant increase from the 171.49 billion U.S. dollars generated in the previous year. Regionally, most of their revenue came from their operations in Europe excluding France: in 2018 that region generated a revenue of about 99.5 billion U.S. dollars. In France alone, the company generated a revenue of 47.8 billion U.S. dollars. The segment with the highest revenue was their refining & chemicals segment, which generated a revenue of about 92 billion U.S. dollars. Following refining & chemicals was their marketing & services segment, which generated a revenue of around 90.2 billion U.S. dollars that year. Total’s net income in 2018 was 13.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Milwaukee Brewers games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 28.44 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of Carnival Corporation ships worldwide as of November 2019, by brand. There were 14 Costa ships within the Carnival Corporation cruise line group in 2019. 
 FedEx Express’ vehicle fleet has been declining over recent years, dropping to 84,700 vehicles in the financial year of 2019. FedEx Express FedEx Express is the global express package and freight delivery segment of the U.S-based courier service FedEx. In addition to their motorized vehicles, FedEx Express also maintains a fleet of 681 aircraft for the transportation of cargo. In 2018, FedEx Express were by far the world’s largest cargo airline, as well being one of the largest overall airlines in terms of both their fleet size and revenue. FedEx segments FedEx Express is one segment of the larger FedEx Corporation. The other main segments are FedEx Ground, FedEx Freight and FedEx Services (along with their corporate office). FedEx Ground focuses on small-package ground delivery services, while FedEx freight offers less-than-truckload freight services. Both these segments only operate in North America. FedEx Services provides support services for FedEx’s transport segments, such as sales, marketing, information technology, communications, customer service, technical support, and billing and collection services. Combined, FedEx generated almost 70 billion U.S. dollars of revenue in the fiscal year of 2019. 
 This statistic shows the leading reasons why teenagers in the United States feel that social media has a mostly positive effect on people their own age as of April 2018. The findings show that 40 percent of surveyed U.S. teens feel that the most positive effect of social people on people their age is connecting with friends and/or family. 
 As of the fourth quarter of 2019, 489,022 mobile apps were available in the Amazon Appstore. This represents a 0.4 percent growth in available apps compared to the previous quarter. The Amazon Appstore does not only offer Android apps but also apps specifically optimized for its range of Kindle Fire tablets as well as the Fire TV and Fire Phone. 
 This statistic shows the level of employment in Spain from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020. In 2018, the level of employment in Spain was around 19.33 million people. Economy of Spain Before the economic crisis started in 2007, Spain’s economy was one of the most thriving in the European Union, but since it was severely hit and officially entered recession in 2009, gross domestic product / GDP growth in Spain has been struggling to recover. The amount of money banks have been lending to Spain due to the euro crisis is enormous, but the country still has a long way to go. There is still a vast difference between government revenue and spending in Spain, with spending being significantly higher than revenue. Today, a look at a comparison of GDP and national debt in selected euro countries reveals that Spain’s GDP is higher than that of other countries which were severely affected by the economic crisis, i.e. Greece, Portugal and Ireland. However, when looking at the national debt in the European Union, Spain’s national debt is still one of the highest. The rate of employment has been decreasing constantly since the crisis, while the unemployment rate in Spain has been increasing dramatically and still continues to rise. Just as in other affected countries, many people are losing their jobs while the younger generation graduating from universities are struggling to find employment. Many are leaving the country in search of work elsewhere. In 2012, Spain introduced a labor reform which is slowly taking effect. 
 In 2019, Orange was the second most valuable French brand, with a value of 18.1 billion euros. Orange is a Paris-based multinational telecommunications corporation which provides mobile, landline, internet and IPTV services. As of 2019, Orange was the eighth most valuable telecommunication company in the world. Brand value Brand value, not to be mistaken with brand equity, is a commonly used phrase in the marketing industry. It describes the value of brands based on the assumption that the owner of a well-known brand name can generate more money compared to products with a less well-known name. As of 2018, France has the sixth highest nation brands value in the world. What is the most valuable retail brand in the world? As of 2019, Amazon was ranked as the world’s most valuable retail brand, with a brand value of around 316 billion U.S. dollars. Amazon.com is an international e-commerce company offering online retail, computing services, consumer electronics, digital content as well as other local services such as daily deals and groceries. Alibaba, Home Depot, and Walmart were the next most valuable retail brands in the world that year. 
 Hogs and pigs are one of the main sources of meat in the United States, and there is a thriving domestic pork market. As of March 2019, Iowa had an inventory of about 23.5 million hogs and pigs, making it the top producer of swine in the country by a large margin. In that same year, the second largest producer of hogs and pigs was North Carolina, with about 8.9 million head. Swine Production Pigs have several advantages over other livestock. They are good at converting animal feed into meat and do not require large grazing areas. In addition, almost every part of the pig can be eaten or processed, making them an efficient source of meat. Thus, raising pigs for consumption is a good investment for small-scale farmers and factory farms alike. Pork Market in the U.S. Some of the classic staples of an American breakfast are bacon, sausage, or ham, which are all pork products. Pork is one of the most frequently consumed protein sources in the United States with the average American consuming about 50.8 pounds of pork per year as of 2018. In 2017, over 25 billion pounds of pork were produced in the United States. 
 The statistic shows the United Arab Emirates' (UAE) gross domestic product from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, The United Arab Emirates' GDP amounted to approximately 377.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 According to quarterly pulse monitors, the growth of residential property prices in the Netherlands is expected to slow down in 2019 and 2020. In 2020, housing prices are believed to increase with three percent. This is significantly less than in August 2019, when residential real estate prices grew with approximately 5.7 percent when compared to the same month a year before. The average price for a house in the Netherlands was approximately 287,000 euros in 2018. This forecast could change quite drastically, though… The source mentions there is a lot of uncertainty whether this prediction will hold true. This has to do with the so-called “nitrogen decision” (in Dutch: stikstofbesluit) in May 2019. Simply put, a Dutch advisory body found that the domestic policy for nitrogen emission (formally known as Programmatische Aanpak Stikstof or Programmatic Approach Nitrogen) went against European rules. As of August 2019, a sizable share of the Dutch population was not familiar with this nitrogen policy. However, the advisory body’s decision led to an immediate stop to all construction in the country (amongst other things). By the end of 2019, this stop was still in place. How about the housing market in Amsterdam? Amsterdam, Haarlem and Haarlemmermeer (two areas surrounding the Dutch capital) were the cities and/or municipalities with the highest house prices in 2018. On average, a house in Amsterdam sold for over 115,000 euros more than a house in Utrecht. Amsterdam was also well above the average rents found in other cities. A house in Amsterdam had a rent of approximately 23 euros per square meter in 2019, whereas rents in Rotterdam costed roughly 16 euros per square meter. It should be noted, however, that rent changes in the Dutch capital are significantly lower than those found in Rotterdam and especially Utrecht. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Houston Astros from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 368 million U.S. dollars.The Houston Astros are owned by Jim Crane, who bought the franchise for 465 million U.S. dollars in 2011. 
 This statistic shows the most popular movie genres among adults in the United States as of December 2018. The findings reveal that 90 percent of respondents said that they had a very or somewhat favorable impression of comedy and adventure movies, making these genres the most popular among responding U.S. adults. The least favorable genres were horror and musicals. Comparison between gender and ethnicity also provided interesting results, particularly in terms of gender preferences for certain genres such as romance and musicals. 
 This statistic depicts global silver demand in 2018, broken down by purpose. In that year, the jewelry industry demanded some 212.5 million ounces of silver. That was more than one fifth of the total global silver demand. Silver is a precious metal that has the highest reflectivity as well as electrical and thermal conductivity of any metal. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in China from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 59.15 percent of China's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 Miroslav Klose tops the current ranking, having scored 71 goals during his time playing for the German national football team in international matches. Besides playing for Germany, notably in the team that won the title in the FIFA World Cup in 2014, his career includes such clubs as Bayern Munich and Werder Bremen. German football stars Miroslav Klose is the leading goal scorer of all time, though experts predict the next player to take the crown could be Gerd Müller. Thomas Müller was the best-known German international football star, recognized both visually and by name, along with Mesut Özil.The leading players of the German national football team in terms of market value are Marc-André ter Stegen, followed by Serge Gnabry and Joshua Kimmich. 224 goals During its long career the German national football team as such has amassed quite a few interesting numbers from FIFA World Cups until 2018. To name some, German national teams have scored 224 goals, played 106 matches and received 110 yellow cards. 
 This statistic presents the total contribution of travel and tourism to GDP in the United Kingdom from 2012 to 2018, with an additional forecast for 2028. Over this period, the contribution of the travel and tourism industry to GDP in the UK has increased, reaching 213.8 billion British pounds in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of China from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of China amounted to around 6,345.62 billion U.S. dollars. 
 As of January 2020, 35 percent of global Instagram audiences were aged between 25 and 34 years. In total, over two thirds of total Instagram audiences were aged 34 years and younger and this makes the platform particularly attractive for marketers. Instagram usersWith over 1 billion monthly active users, Instagram belongs to the most popular social networks worldwide. The social photo sharing app is especially popular in the United States, India, and Brazil, which have over 120 million, 80 and 77 million Instagram users each. In the United States, the number of Instagram users is projected to surpass 130 million MAU in 2022. Instagram features One of the most popular features of Instagram is Stories. Users can post photos and videos to their Stories stream and the content is live for others to view for 24 hours before it disappears. In January 2019, the company reported that there were 500 million daily active Instagram Stories users. Instagram Stories directly competes with Snapchat, another photo sharing app that initially became famous due to it’s “vanishing photos” feature. Snapchat had 218 million daily active users as of the end of 2019. 
 As of December 2019, Henrik Larsson is the European football player with the most goals scored in the UEFA Europa League with a total of 40 goals, followed by Klaas Jan Huntelaar with 34. The record for most matches played in the Europa League is held by Giuseppe Bergomi with 96 games played before Frank Rost with 90 games under his belt. Further records When it comes to number of appearances of clubs in the Europa League, Sporting Lisbon ranked first, having taken part 32 times in the League and Club Brugge ranked second with 30 appearances. The record for most UEFA Europa League titles holds Sevilla FC with 5 titles won. After that there are several clubs that have either won two or three titles. Champions League significantly bigger With a revenue of roughly 372 million euros in 2018, the UEFA Europa League is significantly smaller than the Champions League, allthough both leagues have increased their income exponentially in the past decade. Among football fans in England, 37 percent have little to no interest in the Europa League and in France, 60 percent of people don’t follow it at all. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Toronto Raptors franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 334 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows Bechtel's global revenue from the fiscal year of 2006 to the fiscal year of 2018. The company generated around 25.5 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in the fiscal year of 2018. Bechtel Founded by Warren A. Bechtel in 1898, the Bechtel Corporation is the largest construction and engineering company in the United States and the twelfth largest construction contractor worldwide. In 2014, the privately held, family-controlled company released over 19,743 metric tons of carbon emissions. In 2018, Bechtel reported new work booked of around 17.3 billion US dollars. Currently, Riley P. Bechtel functions as the company’s chief executive officer, a position he took over from his father Stephen D. Bechtel in 1990. As a result of poor management decisions made by Riley P. Bechtel during the late 1990s and early 2000s, the firm struggled financially, but recovered. The construction and engineering giant operates through five global business units and is predominantly active in the energy and power sector, the environmental sector, the government services sector, the civil infrastructure sector and the industrial sector. The most important projects carried out by Bechtel include the building of Hoover Dam, Hong Kong International Airport, King Fahd International Airport, the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system and Ivanpah Solar Electric Power Facility, which is a solar thermal power project located in the Mojave Desert. Furthermore, the firm was among the first companies hired by the Bush administration to help rebuild Iraq. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in the Netherlands from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 91.49 percent of the total population of the Netherlands lived in cities. Population of the Netherlands The Netherlands is a developed country with a high standard of living. Owing to a fairly steady fertility rate, the total population of the Netherlands has only slightly increased over the past decade. A look at the population growth in the Netherlands shows that growth has been less than 1 percent at some points, and has even decreased to less than 0.5 percent at other intervals over the past few years. Population density in the Netherlands has increased very slightly accordingly, with the majority of the population living in cities, the largest being Amsterdam in terms of residents, closely followed by Rotterdam. The median age of the Netherlands’ population (i.e. one half of the population is older, while the other one is younger) has increased significantly since the 1980s, which is indicative of a high life expectancy among inhabitants. The Netherlands is currently ranked 16th on a ranking of the 20 countries with the highest life expectancy worldwide. The Netherlands is also among the countries with the highest GDP in the world, and is thus one of the leading economies. The majority of the workforce is employed in the services sector, generating the majority of gross domestic product. The labor force of the Netherlands consists of more than 8 million employed persons, and the unemployment rate has been increasing since the economic crisis in 2008. The crisis has also been visible in the inflation rate in the Netherlands over the past few years; on the other hand, trade balance figures show that the Dutch economy has been recovering steadily. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in the Netherlands from January 2017 to January 2020 (as share of the labor force). It shows that in January 2020, the unemployment rate was 3.9 percent. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Thailand from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Thailand amounted to around 7,448.12 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the top 25 countries in the world with the largest number of Hindu population in 2010. In 2010, there were about 974 million Hindus living in India. 
 This statistic shows the larceny theft rate per 100,000 inhabitants in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, District of Columbia was ranked first with 3,750.1 cases of larceny theft per 100,000 inhabitants in the U.S. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the New York Knicks franchise had an estimated value of 4.6 billion U.S. dollars. New York Knicks - additional information The basketball team New York Knicks is part of the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise was established in 1946 and was one of the founding members of the Basketball Association of America, which later became the NBA through a merger with the National Basketball League. Home games of the New York Knicks are played at the Madison Square Garden, which has a capacity of almost 20 thousand for basketball games. The team, as well as the arena, is owned by the Madison Square Garden Company, which also owns the WNBA’s New York Liberty basketball team and the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League. In 2019, the New York Knicks were assessed as the most valuable franchise of the NBA by Forbes with a total value of 4 billion U.S. dollars. The only other franchises valued at three billion or more were the Los Angeles Lakers and the Golden State Warriors. The average league-wide franchise value was at 1.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. For the 2017/18 season, the New York Knicks generated 443 million U.S. dollars in revenue. New York Knicks regular season games were attended by an average of 19 thousand spectators in the 2017/18 season. The total attendance was at more than 790 thousand. According to Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index, the average ticket price for New York Knicks games was at almost 130 U.S. dollars, more than twice as high as the league-wide average ticket price, which was at 55.88 U.S. dollars in 2015/16. 
 This graph shows average wages around the world in 2012 as calculated by purchasing power parity. In 2012 the highest average wage was earned in Luxembourg at 4,089 purchasing power parity dollars. Wages and salaries Wages and salaries in the United States have increased during the last decades. The median weekly earnings of a full-time wage and salary worker were about 241 U.S. dollars in 1979 and shifted up to 768 U.S. dollars in 2012. The median earnings of U.S. full-time wage and salary workers vary across their educational attainment. The highest paid workers are those who hold a bachelor’s degree, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. The U.S. federal government specified minimum wage laws for workers in the United States, which say that workers must be paid no less than the current federal minimum wage. The minimum wage was set at 7.25 U.S. dollars per hour by federal law. The actual minimum wage varies from state to state, as some states have additional minimum wage laws. For instance, the minimum wage in Washington was around 9.04 U.S. dollars per hour, while the worst minimum wage can be found in Georgia, where workers earn at least 5.15 U.S. dollars per hour. No minimum wages can be found in Tennessee, Alabama, Louisiana, South Carolina and Mississippi, as of January 1, 2012. The number of workers paid hourly rates with earnings at or below the minimum wage in the U.S. was at its highest in the industry type of leisure and hospitality in 2013. Recent statistics show that the share of female workers paid hourly rates at or below prevailing federal minimum wage in the United States decreased since 1979. In that year, 20.2 percent of the female wage and salary workers were paid below the federal minimum wage, while only 2.9 percent of the female workers were paid below the federal minimum wage in 2006. 
 This statistic shows the estimated percentage of households owning a pet in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2009 to 2019. Since 2016, the share of household owning pets in the UK has increased, with an estimated 45 percent owning one in 2018. However, the share of household owning pets decreased to 40 percent in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the leading tea importing countries worldwide in 2018. That year, the Russian federation was the second leading importer of tea worldwide, with imports valued at approximately 497.07 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Malaysia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Malaysia was at 11.67 percent. 
 This statistic shows the Number of affected people in countries with the greatest earthquake occurrence from 1900 to 2016. During this period, about 70.9 million people in China were affected by earthquakes. 
 This statistic shows the top 50 metropolitan areas with the highest violent crime rate in the United States in 2018. In 2018, Anchorage in Alaska reported 1,263.6 violent crimes per 100,000 inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Indonesia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 55.33 percent of Indonesia's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Indonesia's urban and rural population In 2010, 51 percent of the world’s population lived in cities while 49 percent of the world’s population lived in rural areas. Indonesia is a prime example for this almost equal distribution: In 2010, for example, Indonesia’s population was half urban and half rural. While urbanization has been slower in Indonesia than in many other countries around the world, the urbanization process is now progressing rather quickly. The largest city in Indonesia is Jakarta, which is located on the island of Java. It is also the capital and home to close to 10 million of Indonesia’s 273 million inhabitants. Three of the nation’s other large urban areas include Surabaya, Bandung and Bekasi, and are also located on the island of Java. Interestingly, in Indonesia there is a strong correlation between agricultural land, the location of volcanoes and population distribution: Most of the country's active volcanos are located on the island of Java and it is also there where the majority of the population lives and where the agricultural soils are best. Indonesian’s agricultural and urban lands are still somewhat linked spatially. Furthermore, the agricultural sector of the economy is still strong, and around 13 percent of Indonesia's GDP pertains to the agricultural sector. Many people who live in urban regions often go back to the rural region where they come from, and the link to rural agricultural lifestyles remain strong. 
 Tourist arrivals at accommodation establishments in Croatia have been steadily rising each year since the start of the decade. In 2018, a record 18.6 million tourists (including residents and non-residents) arrived at accommodation in Croatia. Tourism in Croatia In line with trends across Europe, tourism in Croatia has experienced a boost in the last ten years. International tourists account for the vast majority of arrivals in accommodation in Croatia, and the country has maintained its popularity as a vacation destination for European and global visitors alike. With its array of coastal towns and resorts on the Adriatic Sea, it is a key destination for cruise tourism, especially the port of Dubrovnik. Tourism Dubrovnik has also intensified in part thanks to the HBO TV series Game of Thrones, which used the old town as a prominent filming location. To help tackle issues with overcrowding within the old town city walls, the city of Dubrovnik announced plans to coordinate the number of cruise calls and passengers entering the city. Hotel capacity in Croatia Increased tourism demand has had a positive impact on the hotel industry in Croatia and international investment in the sector is predicted to rise. The accommodation capacity has already shown signs of increasing, with a steady rise in hotel numbers and available bedspaces. 
 This statistic depicts the projected base oil demand worldwide in 2015, 2020, and 2030. The projected base oil demand worldwide in 2030 is estimated to be around 931 thousand barrels per day, an increase of more than 100 thousand barrels per day from the projected demand in 2020. 
 In 2018, Hong Kong had the most expensive residential property market worldwide, with an average price per square foot of 2,091 U.S. dollars. Hong Kong Hong Kong, an autonomous special administrative region of China, has one of the least affordable housing markets in the world. A region with an estimated 7.49 million people, it has become increasingly difficult to purchase a home in Hong Kong. The spoken languages in Hong Kong are Cantonese, Mandarin, and English. Hong Kong housing market The housing market in Hong Kong has seen an increase in prices in the past couple years. There are two types of housing unit offers in Hong Kong, private and public. The number of public rental housing units has been consistently rising since 2008. Nearly half of the public rental apartments in Hong Kong as of March 2018 were between 30 and 39.9 square meters. Not only has the number of public rental housing units increased since 2008, so have the private ones. However, there are more private housing units than public ones in Hong Kong. Additionally, the Home Ownership Scheme exists in Hong Kong. It is a government sponsored program that subsidizes public housing in Hong Kong. First created in the late 1970s, it was instituted with two targets in mind. The first was to persuade the richer tenants of these apartments to leave so families in greater need could live there. The second was to allow these families to become home owners, since they did not have enough money to buy in the private sector. Under this program, the government sells apartments to qualified low-income tenants at prices below the market value. 
 This statistic shows data on the global revenue of sporting goods manufacturer Puma SE from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, Puma generated a global revenue of roughly 5.5 billion euros. Together with Nike and Adidas, Puma is one of the largest sporting goods manufacturers in the world. The company is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany and majority-owned by the French Kering group. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Malaysia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Malaysia was at approximately 3.4 percent. Unemployment in Malaysia Malaysia’s unemployment is relatively low and stable at around three percent which means the population is experiencing close to full employment. The country reached its lowest level of unemployment in 2014, with a rate of 2.85 percent. Malaysia’s vibrant economy is considered one of the strongest in South_East Asia. Together with years of political stability, it has been supporting such a low unemployment rate and good growth rates each year. Industry has been a strong contributor to GDP and currently provides around 30 percent of employment opportunities. But even more - about 50 percent - of GDP is generated by the services sector. Given the country’s strong and growing economy, average GDP per capita is growing at increasing rates as well. However, despite these positive statistics, news reports state that the number of job seekers and those unemployed – the three percent - are generally young people, both graduates and non-graduates, who have had trouble entering the job market. Because of this, the Malaysian government is encouraging companies to open up employment opportunities specifically to young adults. The favorable economic climate should help. Yet, there have also been some complaints about underemployment and gender discrimination within the country. 
 The athletic apparel brand lululemon generated about 3.3 billion U.S. dollars in net revenue worldwide in 2018. lululemon is best known for producing high quality women’s active wear, though they also carry menswear and a wide range of fitness accessories. lululemon Stores lululemon opened its first store in Vancouver, Canada and has since become a recognizable and sought-after brand across the world. The company started off specializing in women’s yoga attire, but now produces apparel for running, cycling, and other athletic activities. The United States has the most lululemon stores of any country, with 285 locations as of 2018. By 2024, it is estimated that there will nearly 600 lululemon stores in the world, up from 424 stores in 2018. Most Popular Activewear Brands in the United States There are dozens of activewear brands available on the market in the United States but a few brands stand out from the rest. Nike is very popular among U.S. consumers, with 27 percent naming Nike as their favorite sportswear brand in 2018. A much smaller share chose lululemon as their favorite activewear brand, around 3.26 percent. Among Americans who had recently purchased sportswear, around 7.7 percent had bought a clothing article from lululemon. 
 The statistic shows the per-capita gross domestic product (GDP) of Saudi Arabia from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the per-capita GDP of Saudi-Arabia amounted to approximately 21,113.96 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the United Arab Emirates' (UAE) gross domestic product per capita from 1984 to 2024. In 2018, The estimated United Arab Emirates' GDP amounted to approximately 39,709.01 U.S. dollars per capita. 
 The number of households in Sweden in 2018 amounted to around 4.7 million. Among these, the most common type of household, around 40 percent, was the single-person household without children, which amounted to around 1.8 million. The second most common household type was cohabiting or married couples living without children, in around 1.1 million households. Different age distribution for men and women in single-person households The age distribution for single-person households in Sweden in 2018 looks very different for men and for women. The most common age for people living in single-person households among women was from 65 to 74 years, followed by the age group 75 to 84 years. The highest number of single-person households among men was found among 25 to 34 years. Increasing number of single-person households The number of single-person households decreased between 2011 and 2012, but then increased annually over the period. In six years, the number of single-person households had grew from around 1.7 million, up to around 1.8 million. 
 This statistic shows the number of Mensa members in selected countries. As at July 2010, Germany had 8,500 members. 
 This statistic shows the total amount of U.S. municipal solid waste generated per person per day between 1960 and 2017. In the United States, an average of 4.51 pounds of municipal solid waste were generated daily per person in 2017. Municipal solid waste generation in the United StatesNon-hazardous waste consists of industrial waste and municipal solid waste. Industrial waste is characterized as non-hazardous materials that are generated during the production of goods. Municipal solid waste is what is more commonly known as household trash and garbage. Since the 1960s, the volume of waste generated per person has steadily increased until 2000, when per-capita waste generation seemed to level off slightly. In 1960, municipal solid waste generation per person amounted to about 2.68 pounds per day, and from 2010 to 2017, this figure had leveled out to about 4.5 pounds per day. The composition of household waste can vary widely between different municipalities. Areas with a well-developed recycling program generate mostly plastics and unrecyclable materials. In 2014, about 67.8 million tons of municipal solid waste were recovered for recycling in the United States. A large share of the municipal waste stream is derived from paper and paperboard materials, totaling about 68.1 million tons of waste in 2015. In 2015, about 31.2 million tons of packaging was recycled while 7 million tons were discarded into landfills. In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency encourages waste prevention, recycling, and composting to reduce the volume of waste produced. Recycling and composting diverts a significant amount of waste away from landfills every year. 
 This statistic shows the most popular leisure activities among women in the United States as of September 2013. During the survey, 48 percent of the female respondents named reading as their most preferred activity during leisure time. 
 There were 182 Home Depot stores across Canada in 2018. Ontario was home to 88, the most stores by far. Alberta and British Columbia were ranked in second and third places, with 27 and 26 stores located in each province respectively. Home Depot origins Home Depot, the American home improvement retailer, was founded in 1978. The company’s original aim was to build retail superstores larger than any of their competitors and the first two stores were opened in Atlanta, Georgia in the next year. In 1981, the retailer branched out of Georgia and began to open more stores in different states and later entered neighboring markets. By 2018, Home Depot operated almost 2,300 big-box home improvement stores across the whole of North America and Mexico. The Canadian home improvement marketCanadian home improvement industry sales have witnessed steady year-on-year growth, reaching around 47.5 billion Canadian dollars in 2017. When it comes to retailers, Home Depot is the industry leader in terms of annual sales. In 2017, Home Depot brought in approximately 8.2 billion Canadian dollars of sales. Lowe’s Canada and Home Hardware Stores follow in second and third places, with sales of 7.2 and 6.4 billion Canadian dollars respectively in that year. 
 The statistic shows the 25 countries with the most millionaires in 2019. In 2019 there were approximately 18.6 million individuals with a net worth over one million dollars in the U.S. 
 Emmitt Smith is the all-time rushing leader of the National Football League (NFL) with 18,355 career rushing yards. The running back, who spent the majority of his 15-year career with the Dallas Cowboys, became the all-time leader rusher in the NFL in the 2002 season. Frank Gore (Buffalo Bills in 2020) and Adrian Peterson (Washington Redskins in 2020) are the only active players in the top 10 of the ranking. The running backs in the NFL Running backs are often an integral part to the offense of an NFL team. The players manning the position carry the ball from behind the line of scrimmage with the aim to gain yards and advance the offensive position of their team towards the opposing team’s end zone. The position is physically demanding as the running back is usually hit by opposing defensive players on every play that they touch the ball. Therefore, it is no surprise that the average career length of running backs is the shortest when compared to other positions on an NFL team. Longevity as a major challenge With the average career of a running back in the NFL lasting only roughly two and a half seasons, chances are slim for any player starting out in the league to move onto the all-time rushing leader list at some point. All players in the top 10 played at least ten seasons in the NFL and were rarely injured for more than a few games. Emmitt Smith, for example, recorded 11 consecutive seasons with at least 1,000 yards in rushing yards from 1991 to 2001 for the Dallas Cowboys, missing a total of only seven games during that time span. 
 This statistic depicts the recommended retail price (RRP) of a typical pack of 20 cigarettes in the most popular price category in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2005 to 2017. The price of cigarettes has substantially increased each year since 2000. In 2015, the recommended retail price of a 20 pack of cigarettes was 9.16 British pounds. As of 2017, the most expensive country in which to purchase cigarettes in Europe was the United Kingdom. Cigarette prices across Europe are driven by the respective taxes imposed within each of the member states and consist of a specific duty per 1,000 cigarettes and an ad valorem rate onto the recommended retail price, in addition to value added tax (VAT). Thus the highest rates of taxation are reflected in the retail prices. Similar rates of taxation between countries are also found for hand rolling tobacco, where the highest levels of taxation are found in the United Kingdom once again. Governments that impose such strong barriers to the purchasing of tobacco are considered 'nanny states', with high levels of control on other factors, such as advertising, bans of tobacco products on retail displays and graphic warnings on cigarette packs. 
 This statistic shows the average annual compensation of CEOs around the world in 2017 by country. In 2017, the average annual income of CEOs in the United States was 14.25 million U.S. dollars which is about 5 million U.S. dollars more than the average annual income of CEOs in Switzerland. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Portugal from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate increased in Portugal by about 1.17 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic gives information on Alibaba's total gross merchandise volume from the second quarter of 2012 to the second quarter of 2016. As of the last reported quarter, the website's total GMV amounted to 837 billion yuan with 75 percent of gross merchandise sales being generated via mobile. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to 2.2 billion U.S. dollars. The Cleveland Browns are owned by Dee and Jimmy Haslam. 
 The statistic displays the minimum threshold of wealth owned by the population in selected European countries in order to be selected into the richest one percent as of 2014. For instance, in Luxembourg, the top richest one percent of the population started at 2.7 million euros in 2014. In comparison, in Spain the cut-off point was at 227.7 thousand euros in the same year. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Miami Heat franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 294 million U.S. dollars. Miami Heat The Miami Heat is a professional basketball team of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise, which joined the league in 1988 as an expansion franchise, has won three league championships, most recently in 2013. The Heat play their home games at the American Airlines Arena, which has a capacity of more than 19 thousand for basketball games. Forbes ranked the Miami Heat as the seventh-most-valuable franchise in the NBA in 2014 with a total value of 770 million U.S. dollars. The teams ranked ahead of the Heat were the New York Knicks, the Los Angeles Lakers, the Chicago Bulls, the Boston Celtics, the Brooklyn Nets and the Houston Rockets. Compared to the previous year, when the Heat were valued at 625 million U.S. dollars by Forbes, the franchise value of the Miami Heat increased by about 23 percent. In the 2012/13 season the Miami Heat generated 188 million U.S. dollars in revenue. During the 2012/13 regular season, Miami Heat games were attended by an average crowd of 19,982; a total attendance of 819 thousand. The average ticket price for Miami Heat games was at 78.3 U.S. dollars in 2013/14 according to the Fan Cost Index of Team Marketing Report. The league-wide average ticket price was at 52.5 U.S. dollars during that season. 
 The statistic shows the most preferred sources of entertainment for respondents from India in 2011. During the Deloitte survey, 51 percent of respondents stated that using the internet for social or personal interests was their favorite source of entertainment. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Atlanta Falcons games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 104.08 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Nigeria from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Nigeria's gross domestic product amounted to around 398.19 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the 20 most peaceful countries in the world according to the Global Peace Index 2018. According to the Global Peace Index 2019, Iceland was the most peaceful country in the world with an index value of 1.072. Additional information on the Global Peace Index The Global Peace Index is an effort by the Institute for Economics and Peace to measure the degree of peacefulness in countries across the global and rank them accordingly. The list begun in 2007 and has since been published annually. The index includes a number of indicators relating to both domestic and international peacefulness. In regards to international affairs the majority of indicators relate to involvement in military conflict or the efforts of the state in question to resolve conflict and ensure the safety of those affected. For example those states who give more financial support to UN peacekeeping missions are considered to be more peaceful while those who have a higher military expenditure as a percentage of gross domestic product (GDP) are considered to be less peaceful. The United States never reached the top 20 of the list, in part due to it having a high level of military spending as a percentage of GDP. Domestic indicators focus on both the amount of violence and crime in addition to incarceration rates. Again, the United States fails to reach levels akin to other countries. The country’s high incarceration rates in comparison to other OEDC countries are an area where the United States could target to improve its ranking. Moreover, comparison of the number of deaths from gun violence with American citizens losing their lives at the hands of terrorism demonstrates the relatively low degree of peacefulness in the United States goes beyond the country’s foreign policy. 
 The table shows the per capita consumption of chewing gum in selected countries worldwide from 2009 to 2012. In 2010, the United States' index value of per capita consumption of chewing gum amounted to 152.Chewing gum marketChewing gum belongs to the snack and confectionery segment and is the smallest category besides chocolate and sugary products. Chewing gum has a chewy, easily formable texture and usually has – besides some exceptions – a sweet taste. A broad variety of different functions can be fulfilled by chewing gum. Here are a few examples: Dental care gums have been designed to neutralize harmful acids in your mouth when you are on the go and are unable to brush your teeth. They are usually sugar-free and contain minerals to support the construction and maintenance of teeth.Bubble gum is very elastic and has been developed to make extra large bubbles.Nicotine chewing gums are used to reduce or help consumer to quit smoking as they contain an amount of nicotine.In 2011, the American confectionery market counted about 150 new gum product launches. The regular gum market in the United States is dominated by the William Wrigley Junior Company. In 2013, the leading five regular gum brands were owned by Chicago-based Wrigley’s. The best-selling gum brand was Wrigley’s Double Mint, accounting for sales of roughly 110 million U.S. dollars. Wrigley’s Juicy Fruit and Wrigley’s Spearmint rounded off the leading U.S. regular gum brands.According to the German Chewing Gum Association, the per capita consumption of chewing gum was the highest in the United States with an index value of 152 in 2012. Germany was used as the underlying base index with an index value of 100. Thus, the per capita consumption of chewing gum was 52 index points higher in the United States than in Germany in 2012.More information on the chewing gum industry. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Finland from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Finland amounted to about 1.17 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic depicts the operating profit of the H&M Group worldwide from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the global operating profit of the H&M Group was about 1.8 billion U.S. dollars.H&MH&M is a leading global fashion company with strong values and a clear business concept. H&M constantly strives to have the best customer offering in each individual market – which includes giving customers the best price. Through multiple brands and concepts H&M offers a broad and varied range of inspiring fashion that lets customers explore and develop their own personal style. H&M has collections for women, men, teenagers and children. Their range also includes sportswear, underwear, shoes, accessories and cosmetics, as well as home textiles and decorations from H&M Home.Germany is H&M's largest market. In 2019, 3.5 billion U.S. dollars were generated from that country alone. The company operates over 5,000 stores worldwide and employs over 120,000 people. H&M was considered to be the fourth most valuable apparel brand in the world; behind Nike, ZARA and adidas as of 2019. H&M aims to be the more sustainable choice for today’s increasingly aware customers. To this end, H&M’s investments in social improvements and reduced environmental impact extend throughout the product life cycle – from responsible use of natural resources to ensuring good working conditions at suppliers’ factories. Sustainability work is thoroughly integrated into the business, not only because it is an investment in the customer offering, but also because it is vital to the group’s long-term growth and development. 
 During the 2018/2019 season, FC Barcelona was the leader among top-20 European football clubs by total revenue, generating approximately 840.8 million euros. Real Madrid is the club with most appearances in Champions League. From 1995 to 2018, the team took part in the competition 49 times. Champions League is the top-ranked UEFA club competition The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) is the administrative body for association football in Europe and parts of Asia. It is one of the six confederations of FIFA, the global governing body for football. Real Madrid is also the club with most UEFA Champions League titles Among the most glorious periods in the team’s history are the five consecutive years as a World Cup champion between 1955/1956 and 1959/1960. On the 2017/2018 final, Real Madrid scored three goals against Liverpool, winning the prestigious European Cup for the 13th time in the team’s history. That year UEFA Champions League distributed 88.65 million euros to the club in revenue. 
 This statistic presents the global B2B e-commerce gross merchandise volume (GMV) from 2013 to 2017. In 2017, the gross merchandise volume of business-to-business e-commerce transactions is projected to amount to 7.66 trillion U.S. dollars, up from 5.83 trillion U.S. dollars in 2013. For more information, check out our recent publication Statista Report 2017 - B2B e-Commerce. 
 This statistic displays a forecast of the paper end-use market output in the United States from 2020 to 2024. Through 2024, the paper end-use market output is expected to increase by 0.3 percent. U.S. paper market It is expected that the paper end-use market output will experience a decreasing rate of 1.3 percent from 2019 to 2020. The industry has been heavily criticized due to its unsustainable deforestation of old-growth forests and illegal practices in some regions, most notably in the Amazon Rainforest. Growth in the industry has also quickly expanded in countries like China and Russia where low wages and a lack of environmental consideration are common. China and the United States produce, by far, the world’s greatest volumes of paper and cardboard, reaching nearly 116 million metric tons and 72 million metric tons, respectively, in 2017. One of the largest companies in the world in the forest, paper, and packaging industry is International Paper, an American company with its headquarters in New York. International Paper was founded in 1898 when 18 pulp and paper mills in northeastern United States were merged. The company generated 21.7 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2017. Its most common products are plastic lids and paper cups, which fuel many large fast food chains such as McDonald’s. The industry in the United States as a whole garnered some 100 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2015. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Egypt from 1984 to 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Egypt's gross domestic product amounted to around 249.56 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The graph depicts the average price for jet boats in the U.S. from 2000 to 2013. In 2010, jet boats sold for an average price of 32,752 U.S. dollars, a price increase of 10 percent compared to 2009. More statistics and facts on recreational boating
 In 2019, the Chinese population amounted to around 1.40 billion people. Forecasts as calculated by the IMF see the Chinese population growing to 1.41 billion until 2022 and then beginning to decline for the first time in decades. Forecasts by the Chinese administration expect this turning point coming several years later in the early 2030s. Population development in China As of mid 2018, China was the country with the largest population worldwide, closely followed by India, which ranked second with a population of about 1.37 billion people. As population growth in India is higher than in China, India will soon become the most populous country in the world. Due to several mechanisms put into place by the Chinese government as well as changing circumstances in the working and social environment of the Chinese people, population growth has subsided over the past decades, displaying an annual population growth rate of merely around 0.5 percent in recent years. Nevertheless, compared to the world population in total, China held a share of about 19 percent of the overall global population in 2010. China’s aging population In terms of demographic developments, the birth control efforts of the Chinese government had considerable effects on the demographic pyramid in China. Upon closer examination of the age distribution, a clear trend of an aging population becomes visible. In order to curb the negative effects of an aging population, the Chinese government abolished the one-child policy in 2015, which had been in effect since 1979. However, many Chinese parents nowadays are reluctant to have a second or third child, as it is the case in most of the developed countries in the world. The number of births in China varied in the years following the abolishment of the one-child policy, but did not increase considerably. Among the reasons most prominent for parents not having more children are the rising living costs and costs for child care, growing work pressure, a growing trend towards self-realization and individualism, and changing social behaviors. 
 The statistic shows the leading countries in the globalization index 2019 in the field of economic globalization. The 2019 edition of the index uses data from the year 2017. The index value for Singapore was determined at 94 points in the globalization index 2019 in the field of economic globalization. Additional information on trends of globalization The beginning of the current era of increasing economic globalization was signaled in by the creation of the Bretton Woods institutions towards the end of the Second World War. These institutions acted as the foundation for the International Monetary Fund, World Bank and World Trade Organization. The institutions, and their modern equivalents, sought to reduce the barriers on international trade in goods, services and capital markets. In the decades following their inception international trade has skyrocketed to become a cornerstone of the international economy, as demonstrated by trends in global export volume of trade in goods from 1950 to 2017. Countries that are perceived as more economically globalized are those with low tariffs on imports, more free-trade agreements, regulation that accommodates foreign investment and lower non-tariff barriers to trade such as safety regulations on imports. However, economic globalization fails to capture the entire picture in regards to globalization processes and their impact on countries. As such, analysts have placed attention on the social and political effects of globalization as seen in the index for social globalization and index for political organization. To see the combined results of the multiple globalization indexes see the Top 100 countries in the Globalization Index. 
 The statistic shows the average operating truck speed on selected U.S. metropolitan area interstates in 2015. In that year, trucks had an average operating speed of just over 59 miles per hour in Miami, Florida. 
 This statistic highlights the trend in advertising and promotion expenditure of the LVMH Group worldwide from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, LVMH Group's global ad spend amounted to about 6.3 billion euros. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of Turkey from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. The data relate to the entire Turkish state and include government debt and the debt of the provinces, municipalities, communes as well as social security. In 2018, Turkey's national debt amounted to around 30.17 percent of the GDP. Turkey's economic situation Based on the current state of its economy, Turkey is defined as an emerging market and one of the newly industrialized countries in the world. Turkey is identified as one of the members of the G-20 major economies and is also a member of the EU Customs Union, allowing for custom-free trade amongst all member states. Like every other country's economy, Turkey’s economy is primarily made up of three different sectors; agriculture, industry and services. Over the past decade, Turkey has shifted more focus to its services sector, most notably tourism, communications and transport, while slightly decreasing its dependency on the agricultural and industrial aspects. While many other countries have struggled to recover from the 2008 global financial crisis as well as the Eurozone crisis, the Turkish economy returned to its pre-crisis form in several years and has since seen exponential economic growth and higher productivity and efficiency, more than double the amount compared to a decade prior. With regards to total GDP, government spending within the country has remained relatively low and has remained stable over the past decade, in comparison to developed EU countries, which may be spending more than they can afford. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Mexico from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Mexico was at about 11 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 The United States was the leading country for exports from the United Kingdom, with 15.8 percent of all UK exports going to this market. Germany was the second largest export market for the UK in this year, followed by the Netherlands, with these countries accounting for 10.4 percent and 7.6 percent of UK exports respectively. UK imports most from Germany Although the United States was the largest export market, Germany was the country from which the UK imported the highest share of goods, with 13.9 percent of the UK’s imports coming from its European neighbor. China was the second most important source of imports for the UK, with nine percent coming from there in 2018. European Single Market still the UK’s biggest market As of 2018, the European Single Market remains the largest trade partner for the United Kingdom, with around half of UK exports going there, and almost 60 percent of UK imports originating there. This may of course change in the future after the UK leaves the single market following the Brexit referendum of 2016. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey among working female fashion models based in the United States on how old they were when they first started working in the fashion industry. 54.7 percent of respondents stated they were between 13 and 16 years old when they started working as a model. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. underemployment rate on a monthly basis for the ongoing year. The survey is conducted doing daily telephone interviews among about 30,000 adults per month in the U.S. The graph shows the 30-day average for each month to depict an annual trend. The rate is created by adding unemployed workers, who are looking for work, to the amount of workers employed part time but seeking full-time work. In July 2017, the U.S. underemployment rate was 12.5 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Trinidad and Tobago from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Trinidad and Tobago amounted to about 1.02 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Georgia from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 14.3 percent of Georgia's population lived below the poverty line. 
 The statistic shows the total number of actual and attempted piracy attacks in Indonesian territorial waters from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, there were 25 actual and attempted piracy attacks in Indonesia. Piracy attacks in Indonesia Piracy attacks in Indonesian waters spiked in 2015, when 108 incidents were reported. One of the most obvious reasons why Southeast Asia’s largest economy has come under threat from maritime crime is the region’s abundance in natural gas and petroleum resources: In 2018, Indonesia was ranked among the world’s largest exporting countries of liquefied natural gas.Moreover, Indonesia’s other main export categories include electronic equipment, electrical appliances and garments. The merchant ships that carry these commodities and consumer goods may need to navigate through one of the world’s narrowest chokepoints: the Strait of Malacca. Predominantly a strategic passage for petroleum and natural gas transport, this trade route is also frequented by ocean freight haulers moving goods from the Persian Gulf to Japan, South Korea and China. As a result, the sea around the archipelago has become a prime target for armed robbery at sea, and recently the pirates have become increasingly successful in outsmarting naval forces by expanding their hunting grounds and moving towards open waters in the east or the along Sumatra’s fragmented coastline in the south. Due to the pirates’ good organization and versatility, incidents of maritime crime off the Indonesian coast increased sevenfold from 2009 to 2013. The surge in pirate attacks may trigger increased presence by the military forces of affected nations. After all, the costs of piracy inevitably result in higher insurance costs faced by forwarders, rising fuel costs due to higher speed in order to escape the criminals, ransom sums, as well as the growing outlays in wages and salary that need to be paid to armed personnel on ships. 
 This statistic displays the number of deaths from paracetamol drug poisoning in England and Wales from 1993 to 2018. Since 1997 there has been a decrease in the number of deaths caused by paracetamol. In 2017, 218 deaths were recorded. 
 The statistic shows the size of the global flash memory market, from 2013 to 2021. In 2017, the flash memory market is expected to be worth 51.67 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. 
 This statistic depicts the global revenue of Estée Lauder from 2013 to 2024. For 2018, it is forecasted that the Estée Lauder Companies global revenue will amount to USD 14.24 billion. Estée Lauder Companies is headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City and was founded in 1946 by Joseph Lauder and his wife Estée Lauder. The company is a manufacturer and marketer of prestige skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. 
 In financial year 2019, the average daily rate of hotels in India was 89 U.S. dollars, the same as that of the previous year. The average daily rate was the highest for five-star hotels at 159 U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 One of the leading economic industries in Australia, coal mining has contributed significantly to the local economy. In 2030, Australian coal was projected to cost around 60 real U.S. dollars per metric ton. Coal market The contribution of the coal mining industry to Australia’s economy was valued at over 39 billion Australian dollars in 2018. Coal consumption is much lower than production in Australia, so most of the mined coal is exported. In fact, Australia exports the most coal by value out of any other country, with major export partners including China and Japan. Australia’s reliance on its mining exports may lead to potential problems, particularly if long-term demand drops due to emerging alternative fuel sources, climate action and increased competition from other coal producing countries. The effect on the tens of thousands of Australian workers in the mining industry may have already been seen, with lower employment numbers recorded recently. Environmental impact Of late, the fugitive emissions from coal mining have come under fire due to their contribution to environmental pollution. In Australia, emissions from underground coal mines were estimated to total 25 million metric tons of carbon dioxide equivalent in 2030 – the greatest contributor to greenhouse gases compared to other oil and gas subsectors. With a global focus on reducing air pollution and mitigating climate effects, the future of mining in Australia may not be as certain as it once was. 
 In 2019, a total of 46.5 million physical CDs were shipped in the United States. This figure marks the lowest total in decades – physical CD shipments have nearly halved over the past two years. More than 900 million CDs were shipped in the United States in 2000, but the product has experienced a large decline in popularity in each year since. Physical music sales Seen as the successor to vinyl records and cassette tapes, compact discs or CDs were one of the most popular prerecorded music formats for much of the 1990s and early 2000s. Competition, first in the form of digital music formats and then streaming, has led to a massive decline in total album sales, with the CD format being hit particularly hard. As of 2019, only 37 percent of people stated that they had used physical music such as CDs within the past year. Today, music streaming revenue accounts for around 75 percent of total industry revenue partially thanks to the ability of these platforms to provide users with instant access to an endless online library of music which can be enjoyed via any device at any time. While most physical album sales have suffered, vinyl albums have experienced a resurgence in recent years. The format’s total sales figures increased significantly in each year since 2010. 
 In 2018, the median age of the population of the United States was 38.2 years. While this may seem quite young, the median age in 1960 was even younger, at 29.5 years. The aging population The year 2035 is expected to be a turning point for the population of the United States. This is the year that demographers expect there to be more adults over the age of 65 than children. Additionally, in the year 2060, there are expected to be about 604,000 people aged 100 and over in the U.S. This figure was around 72,000 in 2015. The aging population in the United States means that society is going to have to find a way to adapt to the larger numbers of older people. Everything from Social Security to employment to the age of retirement will have to change if the population is expected to age more while having fewer children. The world is getting older It’s not only the United States that is facing this particular demographic dilemma. In 1950, the global median age was 23.6 years. This number is projected to increase to 41.6 years by the year 2100. This means that not only the U.S., but the rest of the world will also have to find ways to adapt to the aging population. 
 This statistic gives information on the global IP data traffic from 2016 to 2021. In 2017, global IP data traffic is expected to amount to 121,694 petabytes per month. In 2021, IP data traffic worldwide is expected to reach 278,108 petabytes per month. 
 There is no use denying that the way people consume newspapers and magazines has changed. As of 2018, more than two thirds of individuals in Great Britain were either reading or downloading online news, newspapers or magazines. This was more than three times the share of online readers as compared to 2007. The share of UK online readers was higher than the European Union (EU 28) average. As of February 2018, BBC News online had the highest share of readers in the UK, with the Guardian and Mail Online coming in as second and third choice. How do people like their news? According to an Ofcom study, both television and the internet were more likely to be a source of news over newspapers across all UK countries. In fact, in Northern Ireland, individuals were more likely to receive news via word of mouth rather than through a physical newspaper or printed magazine. Social media and news In some European countries, approximately half of news consumers used Facebook as a source of news, while in the UK, it was approximately one quarter of news consumers. In the UK, Facebook was the leading social media network as a source for news, followed by Twitter and YouTube. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of the United States from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of the United States was at around 104.26 percent of the gross domestic product. See the US GDP for further information. US finances There has been a dramatic increase in the public debt of the United States since 1990, although the month-to-month change has been quite stable over the last few months. Public debt is defined as the amount of money borrowed by a country to cover budget deficits. A ranking of individual state debt in the United States shows that California is leading by a clear margin, with more than double the amount of runner-up New York. Vermont, North Dakota and South Dakota are the states with the lowest amount of debt. Even before the recession of 2008, the national debt of the United States had been increasing steadily and excessively, and it is predicted to rise even further. Budget cuts and fewer job opportunities as a result of the crisis are taking their toll on the American economy, which is still recovering. Trade figures as well as unemployment are still below average. Subsequently, the national debt and the national debt of the United States per capita have more or less quadrupled since the 1990s. Interestingly, the United States is not even among the top ten of countries with the highest public debt in relation to gross domestic product in international comparison. Japan, Greece and Italy – among others – report far higher figures than the United States. 
 The statistic shows the market share of soft drink companies in Egypt in 2010, based on sales value. In that year, Coca Cola's market share in Egypt amounted to 32 percent. The leading 3 soft drink companies in Egypt had a market share of 73.9 percent. 
 This statistic shows the share of teenagers in the United States who were Snapchat users as of April 2018, sorted by gender. During that period of time, 72 percent of female and 67 percent of male teens used the social networking app. 
 The number of hospitals in Germany has been decreasing every year, amounting to 1,942 in 2017. In comparison, there were 2,242 hospitals in 2000. The number of hospital beds has been dropping also, from 571,600 in 2000 to 497,200 recorded in 2017. Hospital reform While there can be many reasons for a hospital closing, in Germany most of them have to do with the so-called ongoing hospital reform (Krankenhausreform) or the hospital structure law (Krankenhausstrukturgesetz). A summary of explanations from the government involves falling rural inhabitant numbers, which may lead to rural hospitals closing, and an aging population in general, therefore making it a necessity to check hospitals for being up-to-date in terms of equipment, staff and availability. Future remains to be seen On a positive note, statutory health insurance spending on hospital treatments in Germany has been increasing during the last decade, covering almost 75 million euros in 2017. The long-term effects of the hospital reform remain to be seen, as opening a new hospital after a closing, deciding on locations in rural areas, refurbishing working hospitals and hiring staff takes time and resources. 
 The Wimbleon Championships is not just one of the biggest, but also the oldest tennis tournament worldwide. In 2018, it acquired a total cumulative television reach of approximately 26 million on BBC and 29.42 million on ESPN. As for single events, the peaks were reached during the third round of Djokovic versus Edmund for BBC with 6.54 million viewers and during the singles finals ladies for ESPN with 2.91 million. Attendance The Championships are held across 13 days and provide plenty of local business opportunities. In 2019, the event had a total aggregate attendance of 500,397, roughly 27 thousand more than the previous two years. Accommodation, services, merchandise as well as food and drink are provided by thousands of emplloyees, hired for the event. Wimbledon in numbers A total of up to six thousand staff members work the event, of which roughly half attends to catering and serving food and drinks. The remainder are housekeeping staff, stewards, transports, ball boys and girls, court attendants and other game related task workers. The most sold merchandise are baseball caps and panama hats, followed by Championships’ towels, crossed rackets logo t-shirts and sweatbands. Fill meals, glasses of Pimm,s and strawberries and cream are the most popular served foods and drinks. 
 How many stores does Walmart have? Walmart had a total of 11,766 stores throughout the world as of 2019. Walmart, formerly known as Wal-Mart Stores, Inc., is one of the most well-known and valuable brands in the world. Walmart began in the United States as a single discount store, whose model was to sell more for less. Nowadays, Walmart has discount stores, supercenters, and neighborhood markets around the world. The multinational company has developed into the largest retailer in the world. Powerhouse of retail in both domestic and international markets Walmart deals in a wide variety of products, such as groceries, apparel, furniture, home appliances, and electronics. The company operates through three distinct business segments: Walmart U.S., Walmart International, and Sam’s Club. Walmart’s strongest segment, in terms of revenue, is Walmart U.S., which operates retail stores in the company’s domestic market of the United States. This segment also includes Walmart’s U.S. eCommerce website: walmart.com. The company’s Walmart International and Sam’s Club business divisions operate globally generating revenue through retail, wholesale, membership club, and online product sales. As of 2019, around a quarter of Walmart’s net sales came from the company’s Walmart International division.
 The statistic shows the world's leading motor vehicle manufacturers in 2017, based on production. Volkswagen produced about 10.4 million vehicles in 2017. Meanwhile, Toyota produced around 10.5 million units, and China's SAIC produced some 2.9 million motor vehicles. Leading motor vehicle manufacturers worldwide New motor vehicle production grew to almost 97 million units in 2017. That year, Toyota, Volkswagen, Hyundai, GM, and Ford continued to be the leading producers of motor vehicles. Toyota and Volkswagen managed to increase production volumes by around 250,000 units each. These two companies are also the leading motor vehicle manufacturers in terms of sales. Other notable gainers included Nissan, Honda, and Renault. General Motors and fellow American carmaker Ford, as well as Hyundai were among the manufacturers in the top five to report a decline in motor vehicle production. General Motors spun off its European Opel and Vauxhall brands in 2017. Both brands were acquired by Groupe PSA, the maker of Peugeot and Citroen. 
 This statistic shows the size of the sports industry market in China from 2013 to 2025. In 2013, the size of China sports industry market amounted to just over 56 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2017, U.S. shoe store sales amounted to about 35.5 billion U.S. dollars. According to the NAICS definition, this industry is comprised of establishments who are primarily engaged in retailing all types of new footwear, except hosiery and specialty sports footwear, such as golf shoes, bowling shoes, and spiked shoes. Shoe stores and the footwear market Footwear is a multi-billion dollar industry. The athletic footwear market in the United States was worth around 19.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Most apparel brands manufacture and sell shoes, such as Tommy Hilfiger, Calvin Klein, and Louis Vuitton. Shoe stores typically sell branded shoes. For example, Foot Locker is an American sportswear and footwear retailer that buys and sells shoes from the most popular brands such as Adidas, Nike, and Reebok. Athletic shoes account for a significant portion of shoe store sales in the United States, with wholesale sales generating up to 16.55 billion U.S. dollars in 2018.
 In 2017, the number of divorces in France was of 90,613. France had a divorce rate of 51.2 per 100 marriages in 2014. A number which was not one of the highest in Europe but that emphasizes the fact that in recent years, divorce is a phenomenon with a significant impact on Western countries. The characteristics of French divorces Despite a record number of 152,020 separations in 2005, the number of divorces in France remained stable since the mid-2000s and has also been declining by a rate of 8 percent between 2004 and 2014. Since then, the number of divorces remained almost the same in the country, even though an decrease has been seen between 2016 and 2017. In 2017, the majority of divorces in France were pronounced by mutual consent. Most of divorces pronounced in France concerned marriages which lasted between 4 years and 7 years. Unions in France The number of marriages in France is decreasing since 2004 reaching 235,000 in 2018, compared to 265,404 ten years before. Same-sex marriage was legalized in France since 2013, but civil partnerships are the type of unions that increased in recent years. More than 205,000 civil partnerships were contracted in 2010 in France. Implemented in 1999, civil unions in France are established between two individuals regardless of gender. 
 This statistic presents the share of households owning at least one dog in the European Union by country in 2018. Romania and Poland ranked highest with 42 percent of households owning dogs in 2018, followed by the Czechia with 41 percent. 
 The statistic shows the player expenses (payroll) of the LA Galaxy club of Major League Soccer by player in 2019. Jonathan Dos Santos received a salary of two million U.S. dollars in that year. 
 The graph shows the number of Pokémon GO users in the United States as of July 2016. Shortly after its release, the game had 21 million daily active users in the U.S. and the user numbers peaked on July 19, reaching 45 million. On August 16, 2016 Pokémon GO had 30 million DAU. Pokémon GO users in the United States – additional information Pokémon GO has become a global phenomenon in a few days’ time after the launch of the app by Nintendo in July 2016. The game remains incredibly popular in the United States, with a vast majority of the population having at least heard of the app. It was calculated that Android and iOS revenues generated by Pokémon GO in 2016 in the United States reached nine and six million U.S. dollars, respectively. By 2020 these number are projected to grow to 45 and 30 million U.S. dollars. Soon after the game was introduced on the market, there were almost twice as many women as men playing the game in the United States. Nearly half of the Pokémon GO users were aged between 18 and 29, a generation that was brought up during the 90s when Pokémon was first introduced to the public. Around 20 percent of users were between the ages of 13 and 17, while six percent were over 50. Furthermore, users between the ages of 25 to 34 accounted for the largest group prepared to spend money on in-app purchases, followed by 18-to-24 year olds who made up 16.5 percent of Pokémon GO in-app spenders.
 This statistic gives information on the U.S. market share of leading travel destination and accommodation websites in November 2016, based on percentage of visits. During this period of time, it was found that 13.4 percent of all visits were directed to market leader TripAdvisor. The travel website's 2016 revenue amounted to 1.48 billion U.S. dollars. As of 2016, U.S. customers were generally satisfied with travel websites, which generated a 79 point rating on the ACSI index scale. 
 This statistic shows the Producer Price Index for commodities in the United States of America form 1990 to 2019. In 2019, the PPI stood at 199.8. The Producer Price Index (PPI) program measures the average change over time in the selling prices received by domestic producers for their output. The prices included in the PPI are from the first commercial transaction for many products and some services. The monthly Producer Price index can be found here. 
 This statistic shows the predicted price of oil in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2017 to 2024 in British pounds (GBP) per barrel. The price of oil is expected to increase to 47.1 British pounds in 2023/24. 
 In January 2020, the public debt of the United States was around 23.2 trillion U.S. dollars, over 1.2 trillion more than a year earlier, when it was around 21.9 trillion U.S. dollars. The U.S. public debt has become one of the most prominent political issues in the States in recent years, with debate over how to handle it causing political turmoil between Democrats and Republicans. The public debt The public debt of the United States has risen quickly since 2000, almost quadrupling until 2018. The public debt is the total outstanding debt that is owed by the federal government. This figure is comprised of debt owed to the public (for example, through bonds) and intragovernmental debt (debt owed to various governmental departments), such as Social Security. Debt in Politics The debt issue has become a highly contentious topic within the U.S. government. Measures such as stimulus packages and tax cuts add to the public debt, although they can be used to curb large events, such as the Great Depression or the 2008 financial crisis, which are detrimental to the U.S. economy. Debate on raising the debt ceiling, or the amount of debt the federal government is allowed to have at any one time, was a leading topic in the government shutdown in October 2013. Despite plans from both Democrats and Republicans on how to lower the national debt, it is only expected to increase over the next decade. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Bangladesh between 1984 and 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the estimated GDP per capita in Bangladesh amounted to around 1,749.33 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the average price of lanthanum oxide globally from 2009 to 2025. It is expected that the price of lanthanum oxide will reach some 7,810 U.S. dollars per metric ton in 2017. There are 17 rare earth elements and although, they may be fairly abundant in the Earth's crust, often they occur at sparse intervals are are less economically exploitable. 
 This statistic shows the gross gaming revenue of casinos in the United States, by state, in 2018. In the same year the total gross gaming revenue of U.S. casinos amounted to approximately 41.68 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline shows the current monthly inflation rate in Germany from January 2019 to January 2020. In January 2020, the consumer prices in Germany increased by 1.7 percent compared to the same month of the previous year, based on preliminary figures. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a product basket defined by the German Federal Statistical Office. This product basket contains services and products, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. This includes expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (i.e. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. The term inflation means the devaluation of money caused by the increase of the price level of products (consumer goods, investment goods). The Consumer Price Index shows the price trends for private consumption expenses and shows the current level of the inflation when increasing. 
 Peanuts are a versatile and widely consumed nut in the United States. In 2019, around 5.5 billion pounds of peanuts were produced in the United States, down from 7.12 billion pounds of peanuts in 2017. Much of these peanuts were processed into peanut butter. Top Peanut Butter Brands Most Americans prefer to buy their peanut butter from the grocery store. The brand Jif was the leading peanut butter brand in the United States based on dollar sales. Private label peanut butter came in second place in the same period. Peanut Butter Consumption It is estimated that around 297 million Americans eat peanut butter, while about 32 million do not. It is extremely popular in sandwiches, as a baking ingredient, or on its own. There are many different varieties of peanut butter available in the market but the two most common types are creamy and crunchy. Creamy peanut butter is the most popular among U.S. consumers, by a wide margin. Another popular type of peanut butter is old fashioned/natural peanut butter which is produced without any preservatives or ingredients to keep the peanuts and the oil from separating in the jar. 
 Bangladesh was the largest source of foreign tourists arriving to India in 2018 at over 2.25 million visitors. Bangladeshi tourists have been outnumbering the tourists that visit the country from other European and American countries for the past few years. In 2018, citizens from Bangladesh, the United States of America, and the United Kingdom had the highest number of tourists visiting India, while about 0.35 million tourists came from Sri Lanka, Canada and Australia. Sliding foreign revenue According to the data, most Bangladeshi tourists visited India for leisure travel. Moreover, leisure spending was also the highest contributor to the foreign tourism revenue for India. However, the growth in foreign exchange earnings was the slowest this decade, with just over 4.7 percent in 2018. Borders dictating tourism Bangladesh and India share the fifth-longest land border in the world. This might also explain the high tourism influx from Bangladesh to India. Although from the point of view of the Indian government, there seems to be a thin line between tourism and illegal immigration. Managing the complex Indo-Bangladeshi border running through five Indian states is a herculean task, which needs constant monitoring. Risks of cross-border infiltration, illegal migration and smuggling remain major national security challenges for India. 
 As of June 2019, 138 thousand Italians were living in London. Between 2015 and 2017, the number of Italian citizens who lived in London constantly increased. However, in 2018 and in 2019 the Italian population of London experienced a decrease. The United Kingdom hosts one of the largest Italian populations living abroad. In 2018, 350.6 thousand Italians lived in the UK. 
 This statistic depicts the total number of Red Bull employees worldwide from 2011 to 2018. According to the report, Red Bull had employed approximately 12,239 people in 171 countries at the end of 2018. 
 In January 2020, Counter-Strike: Global Offensive (CS:GO) reached 817.23 thousand concurrent players on Steam. The game reached its record high peak concurrent player number in April 2016, at nearly 850.5 thousand gamers playing at the same time. Counter Strike still going strong Despite the fact that CS:GO was released some seven years ago in August 2012, the game is still very popular online and has developed a cult following. As of January 2019, Counter-Strike had more than 20 million monthly active users, double the figure from May 2016. Counter-Strike: Global Offensive is the fourth game in the Counter-Strike series of games. As with its predecessors, the game takes the form of a multiplayer first-person shooter in which two teams are pitted against each other in a variety of different game modes. Not just a game for the gamers While millions of gamers have fun playing Counter-Strike: Global Offensive, millions more watch official tournaments online. Some of the leading CS:GO eSports tournaments worldwide in 2018 included IEM Katowice 2018 and ELEAGUE Major 2018, the latter peaking at almost 1.9 million viewers. With such a large fanbase, it is unsurprising that these eSports tournaments are worth big money. The annual cumulative tournament prize pool for the game stood at 22.65 million U.S. dollars in 2018, a significant increase on the previous two years. Gamers are therefore in line for big paydays if they do well in these tournaments, with Andreas Højsleth, known by his online alias, Xyp9x, currently leading the earnings table for CS:GO eSports players. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in South Africa from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in South Africa was around 27.32 percent. 
 This statistic represents major countries at the end of year 2018, by cumulative solar PV capacity. China's cumulative solar PV (photovoltaic) capacity reached 176.1 gigawatts at the end of 2018. Solar photovoltaic - additional information With the assistance of politically-driven subsidies, the solar photovoltaic (PV) sector continues to attract investors, with investment volumes that eclipse the deals made in other markets, including the wind power and biomass energy sectors. Although the electricity derived from solar sources is much less reliable than power from nuclear fission or coal combustion, solar power has become a force in the energy market. Global cumulative installed solar PV capacity amounted to around 509.3 gigawatts in 2018, up from less than 2.6 gigawatts in 2003. China, Japan, Germany and the United States are the most important markets for solar photovoltaic installations. The process to convert solar radiation into direct current electricity requires the use of inverters and solar photovoltaic modules. Such modules consist of a number of solar cells which are usually made from semiconductor materials such as silicon. The most widely used materials to produce solar cells include multicrystalline (also called polycrystalline) silicon or monocrystalline (also called single-crystal) silicon. As a result of policy instruments such as punitive tariffs, subsidies and tax cuts, the prices of solar modules began to fall in 2002 and its decline is expected to continue into the future as PV technology advances. While production of solar cells is increasingly shifting towards Asian markets, lower costs will likely drive innovation in the field of solar cell technology and make solar PV power more affordable. 
 This statistic shows the number of committed crimes in the United States in 2018, by type of crime. In 2018, the FBI recorded 139,380 cases of rape. 
 This statistic shows the growth of South Africa's top companies based on the total private pharmaceutical market for MAT September 2015. Pharma company Adcock Ingram showed the highest growth with a 11.6 percent increase during this period. 
 This statistic represents the global number of Volvo Group employees from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, the Volvo Group had around 105,175 employees worldwide. This figure is considerably lower than that of other vehicle manufacturers: General Motors employed around 180,000 people in 2017. 
 Between 2012 and 2013 the global revenue of Birkenstock & Co. increased from 14.11 billion euros to 14.53 billion euros. Birkenstock & Co. Birkenstock & Co. is a shoe manufacturer founded and based in Germany which is known for producing comfortable and high-quality sandals for men, women, and children. Their product line also includes sneakers, boots, and clogs. Birkenstock’s footwear was held in high esteem by many American consumers who had recently purchased athletic footwear or apparel, according to a 2014 survey. Footwear in the United States The United States is home to the largest footwear market worldwide, generating revenue of around 83.78 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. According to a 2016 report, the athletic brand Nike controlled a 17.9 percent share of the U.S. footwear market, making it the leading footwear brand in the United States by a large margin. To put this figure in perspective, the second leading U.S. footwear brand in that year was Sketchers with a 3.5 percent share of the market. 
 This statistic displays the 20 biggest mosques in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2017, by dedicated prayer space capacity. In this year the largest masjid was Al-Jamia Suffa-Tul Islam Grand Mosque in Bradford, with a capacity of 8,000 people. this was followed by Central Jamia Mosque Ghamkol Sharif in Birmingham and the Birmingham Central Mosque, which both have a capacity for 6,000 people. Of the biggest masjids in the United Kingdom, four of them were located in Bradford. 
 This graph shows the annual change in exports of trade goods and services from the United States from 1990 to 2018, with a forecast up to 2024. In 2018, U.S. exports of goods and services grew by around 3.94 percent compared to 2017. 
 This statistic represents the worldwide production of crude steel between 2012 and 2019. In 2019, a total of around 1.87 billion metric tons of crude steel was produced worldwide. Steel is an alloy made by combining iron and other elements. 
 This statistic shows the most popular social networking sites in selected Asian countries, based on user figures. As of May 2013, Facebook was the most popular social network in Singapore with 2.7 million registered users. 
 This statistic gives information on eBay's total gross merchandise volume from 2007 to 2019. In the most recently reported fiscal year, the auction site's gross merchandising volume (GMV) amounted 90.21 billion U.S. dollars, down from 94.58 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding year. The majority of GMV was generated via the company's Marketplace segment. 
 This statistic shows the median combined annual earnings of newlyweds in the United States in 2010 by race and ethnicity. In 2010, White/Asian couples had a median annual income of 70,852 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, the average face amount of individual life insurance policies purchased in the United States was about 168 thousand U.S. dollars. Life Insurance in the United States The economic and social purpose of life insurance is directed at handling financial guarantees to individuals and families. It provides a safety net to families in case of an unforeseen death of a bread-winning family member. It covers the financial loss that the surviving family will face. Additionally, it provides financial help in case they outlive other forms of income such as a retirement fund. There are three different forms of life insurance products: whole-life, term life, and annuities. If a life insurance company were to go under, there are state guaranty associations that exist to make sure that will fulfill the benefit claims of policy holders. The face value of life insurance policy purchase since 2000 has slightly fluctuated, but has seen a recent increase since 2016. However, the number of individual life insurance policy purchases has remained somewhat steady since 2009. California, the state with the biggest population and third largest in total area, saw the highest amount of payments to life insurance beneficiaries in 2017. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New York Knicks games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 70.51 U.S. dollars. With an average price of more than 120 U.S. dollars, tickets for New York Knicks games are the most expensive in the league. 
 Facebook is by far the most popular mobile social networking app in the United States – in September 2019, 90.9 percent of U.S. mobile users accessed the mobile app. The company’s other mobile social media properties Facebook Messenger and Instagram were ranked second and third with 64.92 and almost 57 percent audience reach respectively. Mobile social media Accessing social media is one of the leading mobile activities in the United States. The ranking of the most popular mobile social networking apps in the United States as of June 2019 was headed by Facebook, Instagram, Facebook Messenger, and Twitter. Facebook was also the undisputed leader in terms of monthly user engagement with almost 788 minutes per user per month. Facebook usage As of the second quarter of 2019, Facebook had a combined total of 244 million monthly active users in the United States and Canada. In 2018, 67.5 percent of Americans used Facebook regularly. However, in 2023, the share of the population using the social network is projected to decline to 65.9 percent. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Qatar from 2014 to 2024*. In 2018, Qatar's real gross domestic product increased by around 1.49 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the total revenue generated worldwide from sports merchandising rights from 2006 to 2010 and corresponding revenue forecasts for the years 2011 to 2015. In 2006, total revenues from merchandising were 19.43 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic above presents data on annual advertising revenues in U.S. broadcast TV from 2004 to 2013. In 2013, advertising generated a total of 47.88 billion U.S. dollars, down from 49.71 a year earlier. Broadcast TV advertising - additional information In 2013 television remained the primary source of media consumption in the United States and thus, advertisement expenditure for television remained high. Television consumption accounted for 38 percent of time spent on media per day in the United States in 2013 and 45 percent of media advertising was dedicated to TV broadcasts. The majority of TV ads in the United States from 2000 to 2013 were 30 seconds long. In 2013, 30 second TV ads totaled 53 percent of the advertisement share.The global TV industry revenue can be distributed between three main categories. In North America, revenue generated by the television industry in 2012 was broken down as follows; one percent from public funding, 38 percent from advertising revenue, and 61 percent from pay TV revenues. Global TV advertisement expenditure in 2013 reached 164.4 billion U.S. dollars. This figure is expected to rise steadily in the future with a forecast of 214.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 which suggest that advertisers have faith in the longevity and power or broadcast television. 
 This statistic displays the number of car sharing vehicles in selected countries in Europe in 2014. Germany had by far the highest number of vehicles owned by car sharing companies, followed by France and the United Kingdom. In France there were 3,900 car sharing vehicles in 2014 and in the United Kingdom 3,000 in the same year. In the Netherlands there were 2,300 car sharing vehicles in 2014. The countries in this statistic amount to a combined number of 30,920 car sharing vehicles in Europe in 2014.While countries like France, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and the Netherlands are not as strong as Germany when it comes to car sharing, they still offer a few thousand car sharing vehicles, while countries like Spain, Norway and Denmark don´t even reach a thousand car sharing vehicles. In 2014 there were 300 car sharing vehicles in Spain, 320 car sharing vehicles in Norway and 330 car sharing vehicles in Denmark. In 2014, the number of car sharing vehicles in Spain only amounted to approximately 2.3 percent of the German based car sharing vehicle market. 
 This statistic displays the proportion of individuals who wear contact lenses only (excludes individuals who wear both contact lenses and eyeglasses) in selected European countries in 2017. In this year, Cyprus, Latvia and Slovakia had the highest proportion of individuals wearing contact lenses with approximately 15 percent doing so. This was followed by Austria and Denmark with 10 percent of the respective populations wearing contact lenses. Contact lenses come in a variety of styles and forms, such as daily disposables, weekly/bi-weekly, conventional soft or cosmetic contact lenses. In France, individuals are most likely to use weekly/bi-weekly contact lenses in order to correct their vision. Contact lenses are often worn as an alternative to eye glasses, or in combination with spectacles for functional purposes i.e. for sport. A survey was conducted in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2015 asking individuals what they wear contact lenses for. Of respondents, 63 percent said they wear them as 'every day wear', while 38 percent wear them for 'exercising or playing sport'. Out of 2,043 respondents surveyed, 89 percent said contact lenses were quite/very important for their day-to-day life. 
 Net interest margin is a measure of the difference between the interest income generated by banks or other financial institutions and the amount of interest paid out to their lenders relative to the amount of their (interest-earning) assets. It is similar to the gross margin of non-financial companies. In 2019, the average net interest margin of the U.S. banks amounted to 3.35 percent. Why do banks charge and pay interest? When a bank accepts a deposit, it pays an interest rate to the depositor as payment for that deposit. This is because the bank will then use that money to issue loans. The loans also have an interest rate, for two reasons. First, the bank wants to generate profit. Second, the bank knows that loans have risk of default. If a borrower does not repay the bank, the loan is considered non-performing. This is costly for the bank, since some or all of the loan value is lost. Interest rate drivers In addition to changes in the federal funds rate, expectations of inflation affect interest rates, particularly of longer loan maturities such as mortgages. Similarly, having a lower credit score signals that a borrower carries a higher default risk. Banks charge these borrowers higher interest rates to account for that risk. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Norway from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Norwegian population was 39.2 years. 
 The statistic shows the number of homicides by firearm in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, about 11,006 homicides in the United States were committed by firearm. 
 In terms of motor vehicle production volume, Volkswagen's market share reached 11.7 in 2017. That year, Volkswagen produced between 10 and 11 million vehicles worldwide. 
 The statistic depicts the attendance at NCAA college basketball tournament games from 2000 to 2018. In 2010, the 65 games were attended by a total of 703,000 paying spectators. In recent times, although game attendance has been increasing, viewership has been slightly decreasing. 
 This graph shows the outstanding public debt of the United States of America from 1990 to 2019. In September 2019, the national debt had risen up to 22.72 trillion U.S. dollars. The national debt per capita had risen to 65,600 U.S. dollars in 2018. Public debt As represented in the statistic above, the public debt of the United States is continuously rising. Public debt, also known as national and governmental debt, is the debt owed by a nations’ central government. A government debt is an indirect debt of the countries’ taxpayers. Japan leads the global ranking of the 20 countries with the highest public debt in 2017. In relation to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP), Japan had an estimated debt of around 235 percent. Italy was on rank five, with an estimated debt of 131.3 percent of the Gross Domestic Product. The national debt of the United Kingdom is forecasted to grow from 87 percent in 2014 to 80.3 percent in 2024, in relation to the Gross Domestic Product. These figures include England, Wales, Scotland as well as Northern Ireland. Greece had the highest national debt among EU countries as of 1st quarter 2019 in relation to the Gross Domestic Product. Germany is on rank 14 in the EU, its national debt amounted to 61 percent of the Gross Domestic Product. Russia was one of the 20 countries with the lowest national debt in 2017 in relation to the Gross Domestic Product. Brunei Darussalam had an estimated level of national debt with 2.3 percent, the lowest of any country. The data refer to the debts of the entire state, including the central government, the provinces, municipalities, local authorities and social insurance. 
 The Jacksonville Jaguars had the highest average annual player salary in the 2018/19 season – each of their players took home an average of 3.34 million U.S. dollars. The Jaguars proved to be a cautionary tale about how money can’t buy you success – the franchise finished the season bottom of the AFC South with a record of 5-11. In comparison, the team with the lowest wage bill, the Seattle Seahawks, were able to make it out of their division only to narrowly miss out in the Wild Card Playoffs. The New England Patriots, who have dominated the NFL in recent years, had a surprisingly average wage bill coming in at an average of 2.97 million U.S. dollars per player, 14th on the list. New England Patriots Despite the franchise’s modest wage bill, the Patriots’ success in recent years is anything but modest. The team took home the Vince Lombardi Trophy in 2019, having beaten the Los Angeles Rams 13-3 in the Super Bowl. This marked the Patriots’ third success in five years and their sixth Super Bowl victory overall. Their latest title drew them level with the Pittsburgh Steelers with six total Super Bowl wins. However, with the Steelers’ last title coming back in 2009, it seems only a matter of time before the Patriots claim the outright lead. No doubt helped by the team’s recent success, the franchise value of the New England Patriots has soared from 1.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2013 to 3.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The franchise’s revenue has also increased in recent years, with the latest estimates reaching almost 600 million U.S. dollars. High and lows of NFL salaries In order to ensure that the athletes are fairly compensated for their work, the NFL has a minimum annual player salary in place. This wage stood at 375 thousand U.S. dollars in 2011, but has since risen to almost 500 thousand U.S. dollars in 2019. At the other end of the spectrum, a hard salary cap is also in place to ensure teams do not overspend on players. This cap was at 188.2 million U.S. dollars in 2019 and breaches of this cap include fines of up to five million U.S. dollars, loss of draft picks, or cancellation of contracts. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Tanzania from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Tanzania was at approximately 1.91 percent. 
 This statistic represents the price of Japanese natural gas from 2013 through 2018 and gives forecasts for up to 2030. In 2018, Japanese natural gas cost approximately 10.7 US dollars per million British thermal units. 
 The graph shows the share of the total sales of the global book publishing market in 2017, by country. According to the source, the United States made of 30 percent of the global book publishing market in terms on total sales as of 2017. 
 The statistic shows the ten richest Russians in 2019, by wealth. In 2019, Leonid Mikhelson had a fortune of 24 billion U.S. dollars and is thus the richest Russian. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Bulgaria semi-annually from 2010 to 2019. In the second half of 2018, the average electricity price for households was 10.05 euro cents per kWh, a slight increase from the previous period. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in South Korea from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 81.46 percent of South Korea's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 Between 2000 and 2018, the average wage in Italy was stable, remaining between 29 thousand and 30 thousand euros. In 2018, male managers represented the group of people with the highest earnings. Their gross salary amounted to 102 thousand euros a year. The annual salary of women occupying the same position was equal to 94 thousand euros. Wages in the different sectors Among the different sectors, employees working in financial and banking services had the largest wages. For instance, according to data provided by JobPricing, people in this industry earned on average 42.3 thousand euros a year. On the other hand, the lowest salaries in Italy were those of people working in hotels, bars, and restaurants. Their annual gross wage equaled to about 23.7 thousand euros. Gender pay gap In 2017, compared to men, women earned on average 14.84 euros less per hour in Italy. However, the gender pay gap differed from sector to sector. For instance, in the banking and financial services, the salary of women was equal to 38 thousand euros a year. On the other hand, the annual wage of men added up to 46 thousand euros. Similarly, the annual salary of employees working in the insurance industry was of roughly 6.6 thousand euros higher for men than for women. However, the gender pay gap in other fields was much lower. For example, in the agricultural sector women and men both earned on average 24 thousand euros, with a difference of roughly 200 euros in favor of men. 
 The total aggregate attendance at stadiums during football matches in the United Kingdom (UK) was highest in the Premier League in 2017. The Premier League is the most successful football league worldwide and in total there were 13.6 million spectators in 2017. The UK is a prominent football nation and aggregate attendance in the Championship had a slight increase in recent years from 9.19 million in the 2013/14 season to 11.31 million in the 2016/17 season. Average attendance The average matchday attendance also increased overall in the past years. In the Premier League it increased from approximately 36 thousand attendees to around 38.4 thousand. In the Championship it increased from close to 18 thousand to over 20 thousand. League One and League TwoTotal attendance in the League One increased overall to 4.8 million spectators during the 2018/19 season with the average attendance at 8,741 spectators. League Two total attendance did not really increase but held rather steady at 2.5 million in 2018/2019 and an average attendance of 4,467 spectators. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Sweden from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Sweden's real gross domestic product grew by around 2.32 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic displays the demographic distribution of customers at Debenhams in the United Kingdom as of 2015. According to the annual report, 35 percent of Debenhams customers were classed under the demographic group AB (middle class and upper middle class). This group represented the second largest customer group behind C1 (lower middle class).Debenhams is a British retailer selling clothing, furniture and other household items in a department store format. The brand owns and operates stores in the UK, Ireland and Denmark as well as franchises in other international locations. Debenhams is a department store which was originally founded in 1778, one of the longest going department stores in the United Kingdom with a total of 165 stores located there. The brand also operates under the name Magasin du Nord in Denmark, as well as having a subsidiary in Ireland. The most sought after products in Debenhams stores are their beauty products, which take in a total of 25 percent of their sales. Womenswear is second with a sales share of 16 percent. 
 This statistic depicts the number of active physicians in the United States as of March 2019, ordered by specialty area. At that time, there were 50,121 anesthesiologists active in the United States. Active physicians in the U.S. A physician in the United States can be trained in medical education or also be an international medical graduate that has obtained a license to practice within the state. There are three organizations in the U.S. that deal with certification including the American Board of Medical Specialties and the American Medical Association. In 2019, in the United States, anesthesiologists, psychiatrists, and surgical doctors were amongst the most active physicians. Anesthesiologists are able to provide care in often acute situations, for example, preoperative examination, airway management, and surgical team consultations. In the United States, the number of anesthesiologists has often been too low and so it has become more common for physicians to have residency positions in anesthesiology. By state, the District of Columbia has the highest number of active physicians per 10,000 civilians in the U.S. with 74.6 physicians for every 10,000 people in 2015. Doctors in Northeastern and Southeastern parts of the United States have a tendency to earn the least across the country. The number of primary care doctors is only slightly higher than those of non-primary care. Primary care includes physicians that are family doctors, general practitioners and internists, general pediatrics, and geriatricians. Around half of U.S. citizens that visit a physician, go to a primary care physician. However, family practice, pediatrics, and internal medicine are among the lowest paid salaries for physicians. Specialties such as orthopedic surgeons, urology, and invasive cardiology earn some of the highest wages in the country. 
 This statistic shows the global number of car sharing users from 2006 to 2015, and a forecast for 2025. The term car sharing stands for the organized communal use of one or more cars. In 2015, there were roughly 7 million car sharing users worldwide. 
 Telenor AS had the biggest turnover among other leading telecom companies in Denmark in 2019. The enterprise had a turnover of over four billion Danish kroner. HI3G Denmark ApS followed relatively closely with a turnover of 3.2 billion Danish kroner. Regarding the mobile Telenor subscribers in Denmark in 2018, nearly 1.7 million were mobile subscriptions. The fixed telephony subscriptions were 48 thousand and the fixed internet ones were 123 thousand that year. Biggest turnover HI3G Denmark ApS turned out to be the most profitable telecom company in Denmark for the same period, by net profit. It had 330 million Danish kroner profit in 2019 and was followed by Mit Tele I/S, which had 100 million Danish kroner profit. Telenor AS was not mentioned in the ranking of the 20 leading profitable telecommunication companies, by net profit. Largest telecom companies What is more, Telenor AS was second in the ranking of largest telecom companies by number of employees as of May 2019. Both Telenor and TDC A/S had 1000 employees in Denmark in 2019. Eltel Networks AS, RTX AS, and NIANET AS all had 150 employees that year. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in New Zealand from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the New Zealand population was 37.3 years. 
 City breaks were the most popular type of vacation taken by holidaymakers in the United Kingdom (UK), with nearly half of survey respondents choosing to go on a city break holiday in 2019. Beach holidays ranked second at 41 percent. Most popular destinations for Brits It’s clear from the results that Brits tend to go for city breaks and beach holidays over other types of travel. Countryside breaks are also an unsurprising addition considering Britain’s landscape, and all-inclusive holidays generally take place at beach destinations. For both shorter and longer holidays, Brits tend to travel within Western Europe. The Americas are the next destination choice for vacations lasting 4 nights or more, then Asia, all ranking before Central and Eastern Europe. Overall Spain continues to be a favorite, ranking as the most visited vacation destination for UK residents. UK holiday travel market Holiday and leisure travel are the largest segments of the UK travel market. UK travelers spend over 30 billion British pounds a year on vacation trips abroad, in addition to domestic day and overnight trips within their home country. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of the countries most affected by cyber crime in 2017. During the measured period, consumers in Brazil experienced cyber crime losses worth 22.5 billion U.S. dollars. Globally, the average cyber crime victim lost 142 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the Philippines from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2017, the GDP per capita in the Philippines amounted to around 2,989.13 U.S. dollars. 
 Australia was by far the country exporting the largest amount of iron ore in 2017. Some 53.2 percent of global iron ore exports came from Australia. Australia is able to export the most iron ore worldwide due to the fact that it also has the world's largest reserves of iron ore. What is iron ore? Iron ores are rocks from which metallic iron can be extracted for profit. The ores usually have a lot of iron oxides and come in multiple colors. However, they appear dark grey or rusty grey and come in different chemical compounds. These compounds include hematite, magnetite, siderite, limonite, or goethite. Global iron ore trade Australia, consistently the leading iron ore exporting country in the world, exported 873 million metric tons in 2017. On the other hand, China was the world’s largest importer of iron ore that year, accounting for a 68 percent share of the total global iron ore import volume. 
 Australia had the world’s largest reserves of lead reserves as of 2019, amounting to 36 million metric tons that year. Lead and its uses Lead is a naturally occurring element that is soft and malleable. It is a post-transition metal that is very dense and is easily tarnished to a dull grey color. Lead’s use by humans dates back to 7000-6500 BCE, first found in modern day Anatolia. Ancient Egyptians first used it in cosmetics, and as well as likely having used the metal in glasses, enamels, and as weights for fishing nets. In recent decades, however the use of lead has decreased due to health concerns. Prolonged exposure to lead can cause negative health effects. Regardless of its negative health effects, it is still seen as a valuable commodity. It remains commonly used in car batteries, pigments, lifting weights, and ammunition. Global lead industry figures In 2019, China produced the world’s largest volume of lead, despite having the second largest lead reserves in the world. That year, they produced 2.1 million metric tons of lead. The total global consumption of refined lead as of 2018 amounted to 11.7 million metric tons of lead. The market price of lead in North America in recent years has been fluctuating. In 2015 the price was 91.2 U.S. cents per pound, which increased to 100U.S. cents per pound in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Morocco from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the inflation rate in Morocco amounted to about 1.85 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The number of Blockchain wallets has been growing since the creation of the Bitcoin virtual currency in 2009, reaching over 44 million Blockchain wallet users at the end of December 2019. Blockchain is the technology that made Bitcoin popular and is a critical part of most cryptocurrencies. A “block” in this case refers to a record of the owners of all bitcoins, as well as the previous owners. Since this “chain” of ownership is distributed globally, it is extremely difficult to alter the ownership records. What is a wallet? A “wallet” in the digital sense implies a layer of security known as “tokenization”. The user stores his or her personal data with the wallet provider in a digital account, or wallet. This provider sends payment information to vendors in the form of a token. This token, instead of containing the personal information of the account owner, only holds enough information for the wallet provider to associate the transaction with the correct account, usually an account number. Other uses for blockchain Blockchain’s use is not limited to cryptocurrencies. Its distributed ledger technology has applications in a variety of sectors, including non-financial industries such as healthcare and energy. As the number of blockchain applications rises, the number of blockchain wallet users will continue to increase. 
 The statistic shows the leading wicket-takers in Twenty20 International cricket as of February 2020. The leading wicket-taker of all time in international T20s is Sri Lanka's Lasith Malinga. The pace bowler has taken 106 wickets in a career spanning from 2006 to 2020. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Malawi from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Malawi amounted to about 9.22 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the passenger traffic at Tokyo Airport (HND) between 2000 and 2018. In 2018, passenger traffic at Haneda Airport in Tokyo increased to approximately 87 million passengers from about 85 million passengers boarding or exiting planes in the previous year, making it the world's fifth largest airport in terms of passenger traffic. 
 The number of Facebook users in Australia had been increasing steadily throughout the years, with a forecast of approximately 11.5 million Australians having an account on the social media platform by the year 2022. This figure would represent more than 40 percent of the Australian population, making it the most used social media platform in the nation. Facebook - the most used social media platform Australia had one the highest active social media penetration rates globally, with most of the population having account on a social media platform. It is partially due to the country’s high internet penetration rate and heavy influence from the United States with regard to internet and social media trends. Furthermore, social networks were the most used platform of social media with instant messenger platforms such as WhatsApp and Facebook messenger coming in second place. Demographics of Facebook users Younger generations in Australia were much more active Facebook users with those between 18 to 29 years using the platform four times more per week than those over the age of 65. This was not to say that the elderly did not use Facebook but the data showed that those that do use social media platforms were most likely to have a Facebook account in comparison to other generations. 
 This statistic shows the services and technology used by people in the U.S. to find inspiration or ideas on where to travel as of Spring 2019. During the survey, 36.5 percent of respondents said they used social media websites for travel inspiration or ideas. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Toronto Blue Jays from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 265 million U.S. dollars.The Toronto Blue Jays are owned by Rogers Communications, who bought the franchise for 137 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in the Netherlands between 1950 and 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Netherlands's population was 42.1 years. 
 This statistic shows the total inventory of laying hens in the U.S. from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the number of all laying hens in the United States came to over 391.3 million. 
 This statistic shows the average time individuals spent watching television per day in France from 2005 to 2018. The data refers to television owners in metropolitan France aged four years and older. In 2018, the average daily television viewing time in France came to three hours and 36 minutes, six minute less than one year earlier and a continuous slight decrease since 2015. Viewing time was highest in 2012 at three hours and 50 minutes. Overall, throughout the period under consideration, the average daily time French viewers spent in front of their television set increased by nearly 20 minutes. In Europe, Romanians were the TV viewers who spent the most time in front of their television in 2016 and 2017, whereas French-speaking Swiss only watched television for 144 minutes per day, the shortest time in Europe these years. 
 The states with the most active physicians include California, New York, Texas, and Florida. California currently has the most active physicians of any U.S. state, with around 112,906 physicians. In California, the specialty areas with the most physicians are psychiatry, anesthesiology, and emergency medicine. Specialty areas In general, the most common specialty areas for physicians in the U.S. are psychiatry, surgery, anesthesiology, and emergency medicine. As of 2019, there were over 54,900 psychiatrists in the U.S. Concerning the gender distribution of specialty physicians, males out number females in almost every specialty, with the only exceptions found in paediatrics and obstetrics and gynecology. Compensation The specialty areas with the highest average annual compensation are orthopedics, plastic surgery, and otolaryngology. As of 2019, a physician in orthopedics earned an average of 482,000 U.S. dollars per year. Male physicians still earn more than their female counterparts in both primary care and specialty settings. This difference is especially large in specialty settings where male physicians earn around 92,000 dollars more per year than female physicians. 
 This statistic presents Etsy's revenue as of third quarter of 2019. During that quarter, the C2C e-commerce company generated almost 270 million U.S. dollars in revenues, up from nearly 198 million U.S. dollars in the previous quarter. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Germany from 2010 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. The figures refer to the whole country and include the debts of the state, the communities, the municipalities and the social insurances. In 2018, the national debt of Germany amounted to approximately 60 percent of the GDP. 
 In 2018, the revenue of diamond mining company De Beers was about 6.1 billion U.S. dollars. De Beers De Beers was founded by Cecil Rhodes in 1888, a British businessman and politician in Southern Africa. The company is now headquarted in London. Multinational mining company AngloAmerican has had control of De Beers since August 2012, when it purchased the Oppenheimer family’s 40 percent stake in De Beers, thus gaining an 85 percent ownership. Are De Beers Diamonds Forever? De Beers first coined the term “A Diamond is Forever” as a part of their advertising campaign in 1947. This famous slogan helped to popularize diamond rings as a normative status symbol for engagement and wedding rings. To this day, the global value of the diamond jewelry market continues to increase each year. Once having a near monopoly on the diamond industry, today De Beers remains one of the leading producers, but is no longer the market leader. 
 According to U.S. Census data, the advertising and public relations industry saw slightly increasing revenues in since 2016. At approximately 1118 billion U.S. dollars, the industry reached a record high in 2018. The significant drops in earnings in 2004 and 2009 can be tied to the general economic situation in the country at that time. The advertising industry in the United States The entire advertising and public relations sector in the U.S. reportedly spent around 72 billion U.S dollars in 2017. The industry, which is part of the NAICS structure under the code 5418, consists of smaller segments such as advertising agencies, PR agencies, media buying agencies, media representatives, outdoor advertising, direct mail advertising and advertising material distribution, with additional unclassified establishments falling under other related services. In 2017, Census results indicated that there were close to 38 thousand businesses categorized under this industry description, with the majority operating within advertising agency sector. Given their sheer numbers it comes as no surprise that the advertising agencies perform better in terms of payroll compared to other sub-sectors. Public relations agencies ranked second, with a combined payroll amounting to 5.4 billion U.S dollars in the 2017 Census. 
 Globally, Japan's Honda Group sold about 5.3 million automobiles in its 2019 fiscal year, which is 124,000 more than the previous year. Additionally, the group sold nearly 20.3 million motorcycles and 6.3 million power products that year. Honda’s car sales Honda, one of the largest conglomerates in the world, produced around 15.9 trillion Japanese yen in revenue in the fiscal year 2019. Much of its revenue was generated from automobile sales, as Honda’s worldwide car sales surpassed 5.3 million units sold. Summarizing the year in the financial report of 2019, Honda credited the positive year to the strong sales of their N-BOX model. Regional sales More than 40 percent of Honda's automobile sales occurred in Asia, while the North American market accounted for about 37 percent and some 13.5 percent of automobile sales happened in Japan. The UK market saw Honda automobile sales of 52,570 between January and December 2018. While the automobile market has been difficult in the United States recently, Honda still managed to consistently sell over 1.4 million automobiles to U.S. customers. 
 Cosmetic procedures are popular among people that want to enhance select features of their body through surgical and nonsurgical methods. As of 2018, the United States had the largest number of cosmetic procedures during that year with over 4.3 million procedures. Brazil had the second largest number of cosmetic procedures with almost 2.3 million procedures during that year. Cosmetic procedures globally There are both surgical and nonsurgical options for cosmetic procedures. Surgical procedures include augmentation mammaplasty (breast augmentation), mastopexy, lipoplasty and rhinoplasty, to name a few. Minimally invasive, nonsurgical procedures can include botulinum toxin (Botox), chemical peels, dermal fillers and tattoo removal. The top surgical cosmetic procedure globally in 2018 was breast augmentation, followed by liposuction. During that same year the top nonsurgical cosmetic procedure was botulinum toxin (Botox) followed by hyaluronic acid (dermal fillers). Cosmetic procedure costs in the U.S. Cosmetic procedures have varying prices and depends entirely on the invasiveness of the procedures. In 2018, total expenditure on surgical cosmetic procedures was about 3.8 times that of nonsurgical procedures. Among all surgical procedures lower body lifts had the highest average costs in 2018. Furthermore, among nonsurgical procedures, ablative laser skin resurfacing procedures had the highest average cost in the U.S. 
 As of 23rd January 2020, Romelu Lukaku is the all time leader in goals scored for the national football team of Belgium with a total of 52 goals scored, followed by Eden Hazard with 32 goals. Belgium 3rd at World Cup 2018 Even though there was some political controversial about the 2018 World Cup being held in Russia, when asked, the majority of Belgians agreed that Russia would be a successful venue host for the games. After Belgium was defeated by France at the semi-finals with 1:0, France went on to win the tournament and become World Champions. The semi-final was only attended by a tiny fraction less than the match versus England for third place on July 14th at Saint Petersburg Stadium with 64,406 attendees. Mobile devices unpopular to watch World Cup in Belgium In a survey held prior to the World Cup, 57 percent of Belgiums responded that they would be watching it on television, while only 5 percent and 4 percent stated that they would be watching on a tablet and a mobile phone respectively. 12 percent said they’d be watching on the internet. 
 The statistic shows dishwasher unit shipments in the United States from 2005 to 2017 and forecasts up to and including 2019. In 2018, unit shipments of dishwashers in the United States are forecast to reach 8.34 million units. 
 The statistic shows the average global internet connection speed. In the first quarter of 2017, the measured average global IPv4 internet connection speed was 7.2 Mbps, up from 7 Mbps in the preceding quarter. As of that period, South Korea ranked first in terms of highest average internet connection speed which was almost four times as fast as the global average. 
 This statistic shows the total number of individuals employed by UnitedHealth Group from 2010 to 2018. The UnitedHealth Group is a health care company headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota. The total number of employees employed by the UnitedHealth Group, as of December 31, 2018, was about 300,000 individuals worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the top selling Nintendo 3DS titles worldwide as of September 2019. With 18.47 million units sold worldwide, Mario Kart 7 was the top selling Nintendo 3DS game as of September 2019. 
 The graph shows the population share aged 60 and older in China from 1950 to 2010, with a forecast up until 2100. In 1980, about 7.5 percent of the population in China had been 60 years and over. 
 The statistic shows the net worth of the richest YouTube channel owners worldwide as of May 2016. The American comedic duo Smosh was ranked the third with an estimated net worth of 11.8 million U.S. dollars. First-ranked Michelle Phan has accumulated most of her 50 million U.S. dollar net worth through her partnership with the makeup company Lancome, as well as her makeup subscription service, Ipsy. 
 This statistic shows the total exports of grain from the United States from 2014 to 2019. According to the report, approximately 92.4 million metric tons of grain were exported from the U.S. during the fiscal year 2016/2017. 
 PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) generated 10.73 billion U.S. dollars from the financial services industry in 2018, around four billion U.S. dollars more than the next ranked industry sector. Income from the financial services industry accounted for around 25 percent of the firm’s aggregated gross revenue worldwide in 2018. What drives demand from financial services? Financial institutions such as banks and insurance companies face frequent changes in their line of work and, consequently, accounting firms can be confident that revenue from this industry generates a significant share of their annual revenue. KPMG – another of the Big Four accounting firms – received around 30 percent of its annual worldwide revenue from the financial services industry in 2019. One obstacle that many financial institutions are having to overcome is how to cope with changes in technology; many companies are seeking professional advice on how to decrease cybersecurity risks or improve the mobile banking experience for their customers. An overview of PwC PwC is an accounting firm – also known as an audit firm or professional services network – with members located around the world. Formed in 1998 as the result of a merger between Price Waterhouse, and Coopers and Lybrand, the firm can trace its roots back to London during the 19th century. PwC is one of the Big Four accounting firms and provides auditing services for many of the world’s most valuable publicly traded companies. In 2019, the firm reported global gross revenue of more than 42 billion U.S. dollars and employed around 276,000 people worldwide. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cleveland Browns games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 73.91 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey among female American high school students who are sexually active. According to the source, 51 percent of female students in the United States were sexually active as of 2013. 
 This statistic displays the total volume of Scotch whisky produced per annum from 2000 to 2015. The largest volume of Scotch whisky produced was in 2008 with a total production of 524 million litres of whisky. Since then the total volume of whisky produced has declined. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Sri Lanka from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 18.48 percent of Sri Lanka's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, the Match Group's total revenue was 547.2 million U.S. dollars. The Match.com Group belongs to IAC and includes online dating platforms such as the eponymous Match.com, Tinder, OkCupid, Tinder, PlentyofFish and others. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New York Giants games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 115.31 U.S. dollars. 
 In the third quarter of 2019, Alphabet's revenue amounted to 40.5 billion U.S. dollars, up from 38.9 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding quarter. Alphabet's main revenue source is advertising through Google sites and online products. The company's Other Bets segment also includes businesses such as Access/Google Fiber, Calico, Nest, Verily, GV, Google Capital, X, and other ventures. 
 In 2018, the District of Columbia had the highest reported violent crime rate in the United States, with 995.9 violent crimes per 100,000 of the population. Maine had the lowest reported violent crime rate, with 112.1 offenses per 100,000 of the population. Life in the District The District of Columbia has seen a fluctuating population over the past few decades. Its population decreased throughout the 1990s, when its crime rate was at its peak, but has been steadily recovering since then. While unemployment in the District has also been falling, it still has an extremely high poverty rate. The gentrification of certain areas within Washington, D.C. over the past few years has made the contrast between rich and poor even greater and is also pushing crime out into the Maryland and Virginia suburbs around the District. Law enforcement in the U.S. Crime in the U.S. is trending downwards compared to years past, despite Americans feeling that crime is a problem in their country. The number of full-time law enforcement officers in the U.S. is also down from 2008, who in keeping with the lower rate of crime, have also made fewer arrests than in years past. 
 This statistic provides data on the conversion rate of U.S. online shoppers as of the second quarter of 2019. During this period, 2.57 percent of e-commerce website visits were converted into purchases, down from 2.88 percent during the preceding quarter. 
 Target had revenues of 77 billion U.S. dollars in the United States in 2019. The company’s U.S. revenue was forecast to be 85.98 billion U.S. dollars in 2025. Target The Target Corporation (Target), founded in June 1902, is an American retailer headquartered in Minneapolis. Target sells a wide range of goods, such as food, apparel, household essentials, and seasonal offerings, as well as many other types of products. The company sells products online, through target.com. In North America, there were 1844 Target stores as of 2018. As of 2019, the company had over 360,000 employees. How does Target compare to other retailers? Based on sales, Target Corporation was the ninth-largest food and grocery retailer in the United States in 2019. Target is one of the more popular grocery chains in the country; according to a 2018 survey, around 60 percent of consumers between the ages of 30 and 49 years in the United States shopped at Target. In an age where consumers are more conscious of sustainability than ever before, Target operates a Garment Hanger reuse program, which keeps millions of pounds of metal and plastic out of landfills. Target recycles most of its waste, with the company recycling 540,197 tons of their total waste volume in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in California from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, the unemployment rate in California was 4.2 percent. You can access the monthly unemployment rate for the United States here. 
 This statistic displays the number of offshore oil rigs worldwide as of January 2018, by operator. At that point, Saudi Aramco operated 44 offshore rigs all over the world, and thus was the second-largest offshore oil drilling company by rig fleet worldwide. Offshore oil drilling companies As offshore oil production in the world's shallow water deposits (depths of less than 400 meters) has become increasingly exhausted, deepwater (depths of up to 1500 meters) and even ultra-deepwater (depths of more than 1500 meters) oil drilling projects have become more common and more necessary. In the first half of 2016, a total of 31 deepwater oil discoveries were made. Nevertheless, they are more expensive to develop than shallow water deposits and in the wake of the oil glut, many offshore oil projects have ceased to be viable. Many oil companies have decreased their offshore drilling activity significantly, and oil platform decommissioning activity has increased. Less than half of the companies engaged in offshore drilling worldwide had only one rig in operation as of January 2018, where 78 companies out of a total of 139 offshore oil companies fell into this category. Pemex, short for Petróleos Mexicanos, had the most offshore drilling rigs worldwide in January 2016, at 49 rigs. Petrobras, a Brazilian multinational energy corporation, had the second-highest number of offshore oil rigs at that time, at 42. It is not surprising that one third of the global capital expenditures on deepwater oil and gas projects between 2010 and 2014 was spent in Latin America, as both of these companies are based in that region. 
 This statistic displays the global average prices of Enbrel in 2017 in selected countries. In that year, the price of Enbrel averaged 770 U.S. dollars in the Netherlands. Enbrel is a prescription drug used to treat autoimmune diseases. Prescription drug prices within the United States are among the highest in the world. 
 The graph ranks the teams of the National Football League according to the price of a soft drink purchased at a concession stand in the stadium. A 12 oz. soft drink sold for 6.00 U.S. dollars at Los Angeles Chargers games in the 2019 season. 
 The statistic shows the forecast number of mobile devices worldwide from 2019 to 2023. The number of mobile devices is forecast to grow to 16.8 billion in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the mine production of cobalt in the Democratic Republic of Congo from 2008 to 2019, in metric tons. In 2019, mine production of cobalt in DR Congo totaled some 100,000 metric tons. Recently, worldwide production of cobalt has exceed consumption which has decreased prices for the mineral. DR Congo is the world's largest producer of cobalt from mines. 
 This statistic represents the leading container ship operators worldwide as of March 2 2020, based on TEU capacity. In March 2019, APM-Maersk’s ships had a capacity of roughly four million twenty-foot equivalent units (TEUs). 
 In 2018, Argentina had the largest Italian population outside of Italy with almost one million Italians residing in the South American country. This Italian community represented a fifth of all Italians residing outside the country. Moreover, the second and third biggest groups lived in European countries: Germany hosted 807 thousand Italians, while Switzerland 640 thousand. In total, the share of Italians living in an EU country amounted to 3.1 percent. Increasing tendency to emigrate Between 2006 and 2018, the number of Italians living abroad constantly increased. As of 2018, over five million Italians lived outside their homeland. Data related to the educational level of the emigrated population show that one third of the academics decided to leave the country. In 2017, 32.5 percent of Italians holding a university degree did not reside in Italy. Better jobs and lower taxes When asked about the reasons why leaving their country, the opportunity to pay lower taxes and have better jobs played an important role. Indeed, about 43 percent of Italians declared to be ready to leave Italy for a place where taxes were lower. In addition, roughly 37 percent could leave Italy for better working chances. 
 This statistic provides information on the distribution of Twitter users worldwide as of January 2020, sorted by age group. During the survey period it was found that 29 percent of global Twitter users were aged between 25 and 34 years. 
 This statistic shows the number of smartphone users in Germany from January 2009 to 2018. The number of smartphone users has been growing continuously for years. According to the source, in 2018, roughly 57 million members of the German population owned a smartphone.The most popular smartphone brand among German consumers is Samsung. It was followed by Apple and Sony. 
 The house-price-to-income ratio in Canada was equal to 122.33 percent in the first quarter 2019 and was the least affordable country analyzed. This means that house prices in Canada outpaced Canadian incomes by 22.3 percent. It also shows that house prices grew faster than incomes in most of the countries. Portugal, the Netherlands and Ireland were the next most unaffordable countries. Spotlight on Canada The house price to income ratio in Canada steadily rose between 2015 and 2017, but the ratio has remained steady since then. This is likely due to the cooling of the housing market since 2018 due to the recently introduced mortgage stress test, the foreign buyers tax in British Columbia and higher interest rates. Average house prices in Canada are forecast to drop over the next few years. This should increase housing affordability in the country too, so Canada’s house price to income ratio should fall as a result. 
 This graph shows the defense expenditures of the United States per capita from 1995 to 2019. In 2019, it is estimated that around 2,072 U.S. dollars per capita were spent on military causes by the United States. A ranking of countries with the highest military expenditures can be accessed here. 
 Ranked as the largest employer among the Stockholm-based companies in 2020 was the security company Securitas AB, the employer of over 300 thousand people. H&M and the information and communication technology company Ericsson had the second and third largest number of employees in Stockholm, amounting to over 123 and 97 thousand employees respectively. The three largest employers in Sweden The three companies did not only rank as the three largest employers based in Stockholm, but also formed the top three the largest employers among all companies based in SwedenEmployees in Europe, North and Latin America Securitas AB is the largest employer based in Sweden, but employees of the company are spread around the world, in Europe, North America and Latin America. The largest region of employees of the company was within security services in Europe, where around 106.5 thousand individuals were employed. 
 The statistic depicts the number of vice-championships at soccer World Cups since 1930 by country. Germany has been runners-up four times. 
 This graph depicts the total volume of revenue created from sports sponsorship worldwide from 2006 to 2010 and revenue forecasts for the years 2011 to 2015. In 2009, total revenues of 31.47 billion U.S. dollars were generated through sports sponsorships. 
 In 2018, global mobile app revenues amounted to over 365 billion U.S. dollars. In 2023, mobile apps are projected to generate more than 935 billion U.S. dollars in revenues via paid downloads and in-app advertising. The top grossing mobile gaming app publishers in the Google Play Store worldwide in January 2019 were King, Supercell and Bandai Namco entertainment with over 40 million U.S. dollars in app revenues each. The leading non-gaming app publishers based on revenue include Google, Tinder, and Pandora. 
 Kieskeurig.nl was the most well-known price comparison website in the Netherlands, according to a survey from 2017 (the only one held in the country about this topic). 84 percent of Dutch consumers knew the website for retail prices and product reviews. The insurance comparison website Independer.nl was also a familiar name. Noticeable, however, is the low familiarity among Dutch consumers of relatively big websites, such as HoyHoy and Easyswitch. According to the source this has to do with a certain distrust: are these websites actually independent and are they offering the best deal possible? This potential distrust in online companies is not uncommon in the Netherlands and can also be seen, for example, in the level of (dis)trust the Dutch have towards social media. Dutch online shoppers: all about the money Despite this skepticism towards the independence of price comparison websites, Dutch consumers did believe price to be the most deciding factor when buying products online in 2018. They even valued it over free delivery or the name of a specific brand. Delivery speed, specifically same-day delivery, was also not a priority. This is because an Amazon Prime model does not yet exist on a large scale in the Netherlands, unlike other countries in Europe. Amazon (and Amazon Prime) is available in the Netherlands but only have a small market share compared to domestic companies as the e-commerce giant only sells books through a partially translated part of Amazon.de. In early 2020, however, Amazon will launch a full Dutch website. Made in the Netherlands or made in China? A preference for low prices and a willingness to accept a longer delivery speed might explain why the Dutch tend to buy their products from China. Slightly more than one third of the population in the Netherlands had bought something from a Chinese web shop as of 2018. Indeed, the AliExpress app was the second most-used e-commerce app in the Netherlands at the end of 2018. 
 This statistic shows the rate of identity theft in Canada from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, there were 10.11 incidents of identity theft per 100,000 residents in Canada. 
 This statistic presents the number of monthly Starbucks mobile app users in the United States as of April 2016. As of the last reported period, the app had 19 million monthly active users in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the average street price per gram of cocaine sold in selected Latin American countries in 2016, measured in U.S. dollars. In that year, Cuba registered the highest selling price of cocaine in Latin America, averaging at 56.7 U.S. dollars per gram. The lowest average street price of cocaine was found in Colombia and Bolivia, with 3.5 U.S. dollars per gram. 
 This statistic represents global aerospace industry in 2017, by main market. The United States contributed some 408 billion U.S. dollars to the global revenue. The country is home to some of the leading manufacturers in the aerospace sector, including Boeing and Lockheed Martin. 
 The revenue of Allianz Group increased from approximately 106.45 billion U.S. dollars in 2010 to approximately 130.56 billion euros in 2018. Their revenue has increased steadily since 2008 and reached its decade-long peak in 2018. Who are Allianz Group? Allianz was founded in Berlin in 1890, but the headquarters was moved to Munich, Germany after the Berlin headquarters were destroyed in the second World War. Allianz offer property and casualty insurance, health and life insurance, asset management and business insurance. Life and health insurance is their most profitable segment, followed by property and casualty insurance. Allianz in context Allianz was the fifth largest insurance company worldwide by market capitalization as of June 2018. Allianz was also one of the leading insurance companies by brand value globally. This suggests that Allianz will continue to generate even more revenue in the future and be able to weather any economic downturn as well. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Dodgers games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 42.62 U.S. dollars. 
 As of July 17, 2019, the artist with the most monthly listeners on Spotify was Ed Sheeran, followed by Shawn Mendes and Camila Cabello. At that time, Ed Sheeran had a total of 69.15 million monthly listeners on the streaming service worldwide, the largest number ever recorded on Spotify. It was Sheeran's fourth studio album 'No. 6 Collaborations Project' which propelled Sheeran to the top of the list, a project which saw the British singer-songwriter work with the likes of Eminem, Bruno Mars and 50 Cent. Other popular artists on the ranking were Justin Bieber and Khalid, both of whom also worked with Sheeran on his latest album. 
 This statistic shows the world production volume of milled rice in crop years 2008/2009 to 2018/2019. In crop year 2008/2009, the milled rice production volume amounted to approximately 448.2 million tons worldwide. 
 In 2018, the electric power industry in the United States generated a revenue of about 406.5 billion U.S. dollars. Electric Power Industry The electric power industry consists of the generation, transmission, and distribution of electric power to the public. First developed in the late 1800’s, the electric power industry has evolved tremendously. At first, the industry began as a “natural monopoly” as limiting the number of organizations participating would make the market more efficient. The industry was subsequently broken up, separating generation and distribution of electricity, to create a more competitive market. The industry is normally regulated through price controls, and typically state owned. However, in recent history, the United States has begun to deregulate the electric power industry. Fossil fuel power in the United States Natural resources such as coal, petroleum, and gas are vital resources used in the United States for the electric power industry. Unfortunately, fossil fuels are finite resources. The average cost of coal for the electric power industry in the United States has been fluctuating since 2005, but has seen a recent decrease. The average cost of petroleum has seen higher waves of fluctuation in the last decade. On the other hand, the average cost of natural gas has drastically decreased over the last years. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Greece from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in Greece was at around 218.23 billion U.S. dollars. See global GDP for comparison. 
 This statistic shows the number of H-1B visas issued in the United States as of 2011, in order of the countries with the most recipients. 72,438 H-1B visas had been issued to Indian workers for the United States as of 2011. 
 This statistic shows Pinterest's monthly U.S. traffic based upon unique visitor numbers. As of August 2017, Pinterest had 91.5 million unique visitors from the United States across its app and web presence. The social photo sharing website managed to garner great attention by gaining more than 11 million US visitors in January 2012. According to industry sources, this made it the fastest independent site in history to break through the 10 million visitor mark. 
 This statistic shows the distribution of non-white ethnic backgrounds in Scotland in 2018. 96 percent of the population identified as white. The next highest ethnic group was Asians with 2.6 percent. 
 Sobeys Inc., the Canadian food retailer, operated 1,415 stores under various banners in Canada as of December 2019. The self-titled Sobeys retail stores were most widespread, with 255 locations in that year. Foodland and IGA ranked in second and third places, with 217 and 194 stores nationwide respectively. Sobeys’ origins The company was founded in Stellarton, Nova Scotia by John Sobey as a meat delivery business in 1907. By 1924, their product range had expanded to a full line of groceries. In 1947, Frank Sobey opened the first Sobeys supermarket in Atlantic Canada. Sobeys continued to expand throughout the Atlantic provinces in the 50s and 60s, and in 1987 opened their first store outside of Atlantic Canada in Ontario. Since then the retailer has acquired many brands and successfully grown into one of Canada’s biggest food retailers. Their revenue reached around 24.2 billion Canadian dollars in 2018. Competition in the food retail market Loblaw Cos Ltd. was the market leader in the Canadian food market in 2018 according to grocery sales value, making them Sobeys’ biggest competitor. Loblaw’s grocery sales reached approximately 32.47 billion Canadian dollars in that year, around eight billion more than second placed Sobeys Inc. Since 2013, Loblaws’ food retail store sales have continued to grow year-on-year, securing their top position in the Canadian grocery market. 
 This statistic illustrates the reported gold consumption in the United States from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, some 150 metric tons of gold were consumed in the United States. Gold consumption in the U.S. In 2019, the United States reportedly consumed 150 metric tons of gold. Around 170 metric tons of gold were imported into the United States for consumption with most of this coming from Mexico – more than 40 percent. Other major countries as a source of imports into the U.S. included Canada, Colombia and Peru. Interestingly, the United States recycled some 130 metric tons of new and old scrap gold in 2018 – almost as high as the reported consumption. However, the U.S. is not the largest gold consumer in the world. China, India and Europe are the top gold consumers globally. Gold is one of the most precious and coveted elements on Earth. It is relatively rare, which contributes greatly to the element’s value. Demand for gold has increased constantly over the last decade. This, on the other hand, has influenced the price of gold on the global market and the price of gold is an important marker for the global economy. With approximately 8,100 metric tons, the United States is the largest gold holding country worldwide. Global gold reserves are estimated to be around 56 thousand metric tons. Australia, South Africa and Russia are the countries with the largest reserves. The world’s leading producer of gold is China, followed by Australia, Russia, and the United States. 
 This statistic shows Estée Lauder's share of the skin care products market worldwide from 2012 to 2024. In 2017, Estée Lauder's share of the global skin care products market is estimated to be 7.8 percent. The company is a manufacturer and marketer of prestige skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products, with global net sales of over 11.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows a ranking of the leading 50 colleges in the United States, based on the SAT scores needed for admission in the 2012-2013 academic year. In 2012-2013, the SAT score based on the 25th percentile for admission to Harvard stood at 2120. 
 This statistic shows the global gross merchandise sales of Etsy Inc. as of the fourth quarter of 2019. During that period, the C2C e-commerce company generated GMS of 1.66 billion U.S. dollars, up from 1.25 billion U.S. dollars in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. This represents a 32.8 percent year-on-year growth. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Bangladesh from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Bangladesh's real gross domestic product grew by around 7.93 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the leading retailers of Latin America in 2017, based on retail sales. In that year, Cencosud was Latin America's leading retailer with about 15.28 billion U.S. dollars worth of sales.Retail in Latin AmericaAs in much of Latin America, Brazil's policymakers have quickly shifted from a focus on excessive inflation towards growth. In the beginning of 2011, Latin American markets were growing rapidly and experiencing uncomfortably high inflation. Central banks raised interest rates, which resulted in a sharp rise in the value of the currency which harmed export competitiveness. Yet by the second half of the year, with domestic demand decelerating and exports being harmed by slower global growth, central banks shifted and cut interest rates.Consumer spending has held up well despite the economic slowdown which is due in large part to continuing growth of consumer credit. While positive for spending, credit expansion does pose a risk to the economy and especially the banking system.The Latin American region represents four percent of the world's leading 250 retailers. 
 This statistic shows the approximate number of undergraduate enrollments in universities across the United States from the academic year 2008/09 to 2018/19. In 2018/19, around 21.9 million students enrolled for undergraduate degrees in the U.S. 
 This timeline presents information on the value of the gamification market worldwide in 2016 and 2021. According to the calculations, the gamification market is expected to grow from 4.91 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 to nearly 12 billion in 2021. 
 When are consumers more likely to their Christmas shopping in the UK, September 2013. The majority of the consumers in the UK plan to do their Christmas shopping in November. One in four had already bought presents while 2 percent of the consumers planed to go shopping in December or the week before Christmas. With changes in technology, this has lead the way for people to shop differently. Now, more people are Christmas shopping online than ever before, with 42 percent of people now stating that they do some shopping online. The mobile device is a key tool for Christmas shopping now, with toy and beauty products being more sought after, where as books and e-books have dipped in sales. Many people have decided to use this technology for Christmas shopping mainly due to the amount of people who want to shop in store. 67.75 percent of people say the crowds of people put them off, and another 12 percent feel that the bags are too heavy to carry when doing a full Christmas shop. 
 The timeline presents the League of Legends World Championships prize pool from 2012 to 2019. In 2019, the LoL World Championship, which took place in various cities across France, Germany, and Spain, had a prize pool of 2.23 million U.S. dollars, down from 6.45 million a year earlier. 
 The statistic presents the leading digital collectible card game (CCG) titles worldwide in 2016, ranked by revenue. It was estimated, that Cygames' Shadowverse, released in June 2017, earned 100 million U.S. dollars, allowing it a second place in the ranking. Hearthstone, with its 395 million U.S. dollars in revenue, was a leader among the CCG titles. 
 In 2017, BNP Paribas employed 196,000 people. This number was below 90,000 in 2003 but rose, peaking at 205,000 in 2010. BNP Paribas is headquartered in France, Paris but has operations around the globe. More about BNP Paribas BNP Paribas is one of the leading banks in the European market in terms of tier 1 capital. This measure of capital describes the core strength of a bank, indicating that the bank should respond will to shocks to the financial system. It is also the leading bank in France in terms of market capitalization. Why is number of employees important? The number of employees at a company can serve as a proxy for the physical size of its operations. While ATMs and internet interfaces have reduced the need for personal interaction with customers, banks still need analysts, financial planners, accountants, and lawyers. As such, comparing the workforce of BNP Paribas to other leading banks can give an idea as to the extent of its global activities. 
 This statistic shows the total personal income in the United States from 1990 to 2018. The data are in current U.S. dollars not adjusted for inflation or deflation. According to the BEA, personal income is the income that is received by persons from all sources. It is calculated as the sum of wage and salary disbursements, supplements to wages and salaries, proprietors' income with inventory valuation and capital consumption adjustments, rental income of persons with capital consumption adjustment, personal dividend income, personal interest income, and personal current transfer receipts, less contributions for government social insurance. Personal income increased to about 17.6 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018.Personal incomePersonal income in the United States has risen steadily over the last decades from 4.9 trillion U.S. dollars in 1990 to 17.6 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. In China, urban households had an average disposable income of some 39,251 yuan in 2018, which was equivalent to about 5,706 U.S. dollars at the time. Personal income includes all earnings including wages, investments, and other sources. Personal income also varied widely across the U.S., where those living in the District of Columbia, on the higher scale, earned an average of 81,882 U.S. dollars per capita and on the lower end of the spectrum, people in Mississippi earned 37,994 U.S. dollars per capita. In the District of Columbia, disposable income averaged some 70,045 U.S. dollars. In total, California earned the most personal income followed by Texas, receiving 2.475 trillion U.S. dollars and 1.41 trillion U.S. dollars, respectively. Income tends to vary widely between demographics in the United States. Those with higher education levels tend to earn more money. Among those who were severely disabled, 37.3 percent garnered a personal income between 5,000 to 14,999 U.S. dollars. The Social Security and Supplemental Security Income disability programs provide monetary benefits to the disabled and certain family members. 
 The statistic shows the share of households that have air-conditioning worldwide in 2016, by country. Japan ranked the highest in air-conditioning penetration rate, with around 91 percent of Japanese households having some form of air-conditioning. 
 This statistic shows the quarterly Real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the United States from 2011 to 2019. In the third quarter of 2019, the real GDP of the U.S. amounted to 19.12 trillion chained (2012) U.S. dollars. 
 The Icelandic national football team, which is controlled by the Football Association of Iceland, made its highest position in the FIFA World Ranking in 2016. In this year, they participated as the smallest nation ever in the UEFA European Championship. The team made it to the quarter finals but lost them to France. In the ranking, it made the 21th position. FIFA World Ranking – what does it express? In general, the ranking created by the International Federation of Association Football (FIFA) is based on game results and the most successful team is ranked highest. As of August 2018, a new calculation model adapted from the Elo rating system is in use, which is known in many sports. The teams get points for single games, that are determined by the relative strength of both opponents. These points must be added/ subtracted to get the final position in the ranking. Comparison to top national teams In April 2019, the Icelandic national football team ranked on position 40. At that time, the team took already part in two friendly matches as well as in qualifying matches for the upcoming UEFA European Championship in 2020. In contrast, the three leading national teams came from Belgium on the first position, followed by France and Brazil. 
 This statistic shows the music genres most "liked" by U.S. college students on Facebook* as of July 2011. Country music received 299,700 likes from U.S. college students. 
 In 2018, there were 775 cinemas in the United Kingdom. The number of cinemas has been increasing over the last few years. There were roughly 100 more cinemas in the UK in 2018 than there were 15 years previously. The leading cinema chains in the UK Cineworld, Odeon, and Vue are the top cinema chains in the UK in terms of revenue, and accounted for almost 70 percent of the exhibitor market combined. Cineworld had the largest market share in 2018 with 24 percent. The average cost of going to the cinema In 2018, cinema ticket prices in the UK decreased for the first time since 2001, meaning a ticket cost cinemagoers 7.22 British pounds on average. This is the lowest average cinema ticket price since 2015. However, average annual cinema-going spending per head in the UK was 19.35 British pounds in 2018, the highest it has been since this data started being recorded. 
 This statistic shows the total global cropland area, in a projection from 2010 to 2025. In 2015, the total global cropland area is expected to be 881.65 million hectares. Cropland area Over the years humans converted grasslands to cropland areas, this allows food for humans. It is obvious that the rising number of people living on earth forces us to cultivate crops that need not to be replanted after each harvest, such as cocoa and coffee. The cocoa bean is used as the base for chocolate and many other chocolate products. The global cocoa production grew steadily from around 1.67 million tons during crop year 1980 and 1981 up to 4.3 million tons of produced cocoa in crop year 2010 and 2011. Chocolate made in Switzerland is famous all over the world and the Swiss population leads the ranking of the per capita consumption of chocolate products. In 2011, 10.55 kilogram of chocolate products were consumed by Swiss people, based on average. The worldwide coffee production has also increased from 103.91 million bags in 2003 to 145.78 million produced bags in 2013. Fair trade coffee is becoming increasingly popular in the United States. The United States imported more than 163.01 million pounds of fair trade coffee in year 2012. The imports have been growing rapidly since 1999. In contrast to that, only 2.05 million pounds of fair trade coffee were imported in year 1999. The brewed beverage made of roasted coffee beans is an evergreen in most peoples’ morning routine. The Netherlands is the top leading coffee consumer country in 2013 with an average per capita consumption of 2.41 cups per day. 
 This statistic shows the total population of The Hague from 2009 to 2019. In the course of this ten-year period, the population of the municipality The Hague increased by over 55,000 inhabitants. In 2009, The Hague had almost 482,000 inhabitants. By 2019, the number of inhabitants had increased to roughly 538,000. 
 This graph shows the American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) score of customer satisfaction with the search engine Google from 2002 to 2019. In the most recently reported period, the customer satisfaction score of the online search provider was 79 / 100 index points. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration rate in Indonesia from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 32 percent of the Indonesian population were using the internet. In 2023, this figure is projected to grow to 54 percent. 
 Since 2006 the number of community pharmacies in England has generally increased. The number of pharmacies had been above 11.6 thousand since 2013, before dropping to 11,539 community pharmacies in 2018/19. Dispensing numbers In 2017/18, there were over one billion prescription items dispensed from pharmacies in England. Although this is a slight decrease from the preceding period, the amount of prescriptions dispensed has increased greatly in the ten-year period displayed. Almost 2.3 thousand pharmacies dispensed an average of over ten thousand items a month in 2017/18, although the average number of items dispensed per month per pharmacy was approximately 7.2 thousand in this year. What is being dispensed? The therapeutic class with the highest total of prescription items dispensed was for the cardiovascular system at over 324 million drugs, followed by drugs for the central nervous system which had approximately 210 million items dispensed. The single leading drug dispensed, in 2017/18, was Atorvastatin which treats those with high cholesterol to reduce the risk of heart attacks and strokes. 
 In 2016, 77.1 percent of the total wealth in the United States was owned by the top 10 percent of earners. In comparison, the lowest 50 percent of earners only owned 1.2 percent of the total wealth. Income inequality in the U.S. Despite the idea that the United States is a country where hard work and pulling yourself up by your bootstraps will inevitably lead to success, this is unfortunately not the case for many Americans. In 2017, 10.7 percent of U.S. households had an annual income under 15,000 U.S. dollars. With such a small percentage of people in the United States owning such a vast majority of the country’s wealth, the gap between the rich and poor in America is becoming larger and larger. The top one percent The United States follows closely behind China as the country with the most billionaires in the world, and Jeff Bezos alone, Amazon founder and richest man in the United States, owned about 131 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. Over the past 50 years, the CEO-to-worker compensation ratio has exploded, causing the gap between rich and poor to grow, with some economists theorizing that this gap is the largest it has been since right before the Great Depression. 
 The statistic shows the take-up of video on demand on the TV in selected countries as of October 2015. In the United States, 38 percent of respondents stated they used video-on-demand services. By contrast, only nine percent of respondents in Spain stated that they use similar services. Online video consumption in the United States - additional information Demand for a more personalized experience for users and the increased usage of smartphones, tablets, and other devices are raising expectations for the video on demand industry. Video on demand markets are merging in order to obtain higher market visibility. A wide range of services such as internet, broadcasting, and television programs are available for industry users. Prominence in education, research, conference, and of course, entertainment industries allow the video on demand market to reach a broad audience. In the United States, free on demand videos dominated with 62.6 percent of time spent on these types of videos in 2016. The share of consumers in the United States who have a subscription to an on-demand video service has increased from 51 percent in 2016 to 58 percent in 2017. 
 Sales of Prius cars in the United Kingdom peaked in 2010 at 10,537 units sold. In the following years the popularity of the hybrid car model declined, with 4,187 units purchased in 2018. Introduced in 1997, the Prius was the first mass-produced electric hybrid car in the world and one of the most successful. The most popular Toyota hybrid car sold in the UK was the Yaris model, with new registrations exceeding 17,000 in 2018. Toyota’s public image Toyota’s early investment in electric vehicle production was also recognized by the public’s awareness of their brand. According to a 2018 survey, Toyota was the second most commonly associated electric car brand in the UK. Toyota cars most successful AF vehicles In a list of leading alternative fuel cars and light commercial vehicles in the country, the Toyota Prius ranked 11th with combined new registrations of nearly 5,000 units. Again, Toyota’s Yaris model topped the ranking with four further models of the Japanese brand also represented. 
 This statistic displays the quantity of ice cream consumed per day in the United Kingdom between 2008 and 2012, by age. In this four year period, individuals aged between 4 and 10 years old consumed 13 grams of ice cream per day. 
 This statistic presents the British Army mortality rates per 100,000 personnel from 2006 to 2018. 2007 and 2009 gave rise to the most army deaths, at 127 each per 100,000 personnel. 
 The statistic depicts the smartphone user penetration rate in North America, as percentage of the total population, from 2011 to 2018. The smartphone penetration rate is forecast to reach 64 percent by 2017. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Colombia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Colombia was at approximately 9.19 percent. 
 Assets under supervision include assets under management and other client assets on which the bank earns fees for advisory and other services. Goldman Sachs supervised 1.54 trillion U.S. dollars in assets in 2018, up from 871 billion U.S. dollars in 2009. Goldman Sachs within the banking industry Headquartered in New York City, Goldman Sachs is one of the largest banks worldwide, by market capitalization. The firm is one of the major players on the global M&A market, both in terms of number of managed deals and value of supervised transactions. It receives more revenue from investment banking than most other banks. Investment information Goldman Sachs is listed on the NASDAQ stock exchange. The stock price has been somewhat volatile over the past several years, tied in part to the fate of the banking sector during the Financial Crisis. The return on average shareholder equity has also been subject to fluctuations and it amounted to 13.3 percent in 2018, up from 4.9 percent in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the number of internet users in Singapore from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 4.8 million people were accessing the internet in Singapore. This figure is projected to grow to 5.9 million in 2023. 
 Texas was the state with the highest number of registered weapons in the United States in 2019, with 725,368 firearms. Rhode Island, on the other hand, had 4,655 registered firearms. Gun laws in the United StatesGun ownership in the U.S. is protected by the 2nd Amendment of the Constitution, which allows citizens to own firearms and form a militia if necessary. Outside of the 2nd Amendment, gun laws in the U.S. vary from state to state, and gun owners are subject to the laws of the state they are currently in, not necessarily the state they live in. For example, if concealed carry is allowed in a gun owner’s state of residence, but not in the state they are travelling in, the owner is subject to the law of the state they are travelling in. Civilian-owned firearms The United States is estimated to have the highest rate of civilian-owned firearms in the world, and more than double that of Yemen, which has the second-highest gun ownership rate. Unfortunately, along with high gun ownership rates comes a higher number of homicides by firearm, which was about 11,000 homicides in 2017. 
 Podcast advertising spending is increasing year-on-year, with 2018 figures estimated at over 320 million U.S. dollars. By 2020, these expenditures are forecast to surpass half a billion dollars. The growing advertising investments are most probably a response to the potential customer exposure posed by this medium, as podcasts reach more and more listeners in the United States each year. What are the common views on podcast advertising? In 2017 there were 67 million podcast listeners in the U.S., a number which is expected to increase by 20 million in 2019 and double by the end of 2022. The majority of these audiences spend between one and five hours per week listening to their choice of podcasts, which in turn translates to high probability of reaching prospective customers with advertising. In fact, the popular opinion among U.S. adults is that, as well as being entertaining, ads in podcasts are among the best targeted ones. For these reasons, avid podcasts fans would not mind a few more ads if it meant that their favorite show would be allowed to continue. All in all, the general receptivity to advertising during podcasts is positive, and audiences tend to see it as engaging, likable, relevant and memorable. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Seattle Seahawks, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Seattle Seahawks was 439 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in South Korea from 1950 to 2050*. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of South Korea's population was 40.8 years. 
 This statistic shows a forecast of the top thirty most urbanized countries in the world in 2018. As of 2018, 100 percent of Singapore's population lived in urban areas. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of pupils that speak English as an Additional Language (EAL) at primary school in England as of January 2016, by region. With over half of its pupils as non-native speakers of English, Inner London had the highest percentage of pupils with EAL, at the other end of the spectrum, the North East and the South West remained regions with the highest percentages of native English speaking pupils. This also reflects the National Census data for languages. Similar information regarding Wales,Northern Ireland and Scotland are also available. 
 This statistic shows the total amount of nickel mined in the Philippines from 2006 to 2019. In 2006, 65 thousand metric tons of nickel was mined across the country. Since then, nickel production showed an enormous increase up to an estimate of 420 thousand metric tons in 2019. Nickel is used in many applications. One of the best-known applications are nickel-based alloys for high-quality stainless steel. 
 In 2017, the Australian entertainment and media market was forecasted to be worth 35.74 billion Australian dollars. The market is diverse, and includes segments such as advertising, radio, music, internet entertainment, newspapers, subscription television and free-to-air television. The compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of the entertainment and media market in the country between 2017 and 2021 was forecasted to reach 2.1 percent. Growth of digital advertising Internet advertising spending was forecasted to grow to ten percent of the overall advertising spend in the country – the largest share of any other platform. Online video advertising has been identified as a growing trend in this industry, supplemented by the growing online population and number of screens per person across the country. The digitization of out-of-home advertising assets has also led to growth in this sector. News consumption trends When it comes to consumption of news, most consumers in the country used television and online sources. Print media, in contrast, was used by just 30 percent of the population. The value of the newspaper market was expected to continue decreasing across the country over the next five years. However, digital newspaper circulation spending was forecasted to increase in the same period, indicating Australians appetite for news was not declining, but rather becoming more diversified across many platforms. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were using social networks as of February 2019, sorted by age group. During that period of time, 90 percent of adults between the ages of 18 and 29 years used social networks. 
 Over the past 30 years, the birth rate in the United States has been steadily declining, and in 2018, there were 11.6 births per 1,000 of the population. In 1990, this figure stood at 16.7 births per 1,000 of the population. Demographics have an impact The average birth rate in the U.S. may be falling, but when broken down along ethnic and economic lines, a different picture is painted: Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander women saw the highest birth rate in 2018 among all ethnicities, and White and Asian women both saw the lowest birth rate. Additionally, the higher the family income, the lower the birth rate; families making between 15,000 and 24,999 U.S. dollars annually had the highest birth rate of any income bracket in the States. Fewer births, but longer lives While the birth rate may be declining in the U.S., lives are getting longer, and the life expectancy was estimated to be about 78.54 years in 2017. While this is a positive aspect of today’s modern medical advances, countries such as the U.S. will have to find ways to support and deal with aging populations with fewer working-age adults. 
 This statistic shows the share of GDP in each region that is contributed by women, as of 2015. India had the smallest female GDP share at 17 percent. This is significantly less than the 41 percent female share in China. In 2015, North America and Oceania were the regions with the highest gender parity worldwide, while South Asia, the Middle East and North Africa, and India had the lowest gender parity scores. 
 In fiscal year 2019, the annual revenue of the Rakuten Group amounted to approximately 1.26 trillion Japanese yen, up from about 1.1 trillion yen in the previous fiscal year. Revenues of the Tokyo-based e-commerce company were generated through its online shopping business, Rakuten Ichiba, credits and payments as well as other business activities. 
 In 2018, the apparel retailer Gap, Inc. employed around 135,000 individuals, a figure which has stayed more or less constant since 2016. The Gap, Inc. The Gap was founded in San Francisco, California in 1969 and is now a major international clothing retailer which also owns and operates Old Navy, Banana Republic, and Athleta, to name a few. Old Navy operates around 1,139 locations in North America, making it the largest of the stores brands. In 2018, The Gap, Inc. generated net sales of around 16.6 billion U.S. dollars, an increase from 15.9 billion U.S. dollars the previous year. U.S. Clothing Shopping Behavior According to a 2017 survey of consumers in the United States, 52 percent of respondents indicated that they prefer to buy their clothing, shoes, or accessories from the brand Nike, making it the most popular apparel brand in the United States. Levi’s and Adidas also ranked highly in that survey. For the majority of Americans, once they have found a clothing brand they enjoy, they tend to keep purchasing clothing from that brand. Only 35 percent of Americans indicated they felt no loyalty to any clothing brand. 
 This statistic shows the infant mortality rate in the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2018. Infant mortality rate is defined as the amount of deaths under 1 year per 1,000 live births. The overall trend was one of decrease although between 2013 and 2018 the rate remained at 3.9. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Somalia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Somalia was at approximately 13.96 percent. 
 The cumulative subscriber churn rate of Spotify worldwide amounted to 19.8 percent in 2018, up from 18.1 percent in the previous year. The source noted that this is partially due to promotional trials - whilst such trials draw in new subscribers, many of whom tend to convert, Spotify counts paid trialists in its subscriber numbers, meaning that those who do not convert then become churned subscribers. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in Michigan from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, unemployment in Michigan was 4.1 percent. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Oman from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Oman was at 3.08 percent. 
 This statistic show the reported forcible rape cases between 1990 and 2018. 
 The statistic shows the percentage of apps used only once after their installation from 2010 to 2019. During the most recent survey period, it was found that 25 percent apps downloaded by mobile app users worldwide were only accessed once after download. 
 In 2018, the urban population in Malaysia was approximately 24.4 million. In the years since 2005, the urban population in Malaysia had been steadily increasing, and as is in line with global trends, it is projected to increase further in the future. Rapid urbanization In 2017, approximately 75 percent of Malaysia’s population lived in urban areas and cities. This puts Malaysia as one of Southeast Asia’s most urbanized countries. The metropolitan area of Greater Kuala Lumpur had a population of more than seven million in that year, making it Malaysia’s biggest urban area. However, about twice as many Malaysians lived in cities with half a million inhabitants or less. Urban-rural divide For many Malaysians, urbanization brought about more and better economic opportunities and job prospects. The average monthly income for urban households was more than three thousand ringgit higher than that of rural households. Poverty rates in rural areas were also significantly higher than that in urban areas. Even so, the countryside still holds a nostalgic place in the hearts of Malaysians, encapsulated in the romanticized idea of the ‘kampung’ or Malay village. 
 This graph shows the largest churches among Mainline Protestant denominations in the United States in 2010, by number of congregations. In 2010, the United Methodist Church was the largest church, with 33,323 congregations. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of U.S. adults who have taken a selfie as of August 2018, sorted by age group. According to the survey, 82 percent of U.S. adults aged 18 to 34 years had taken a photograph of themselves and uploaded it to a social media website. 
 This statistic shows the most popular summer vacation activities for travelers in the United States in 2014. During the survey, 49 percent of the respondents stated that they planned to visit a historical event or sight during their summer vacation in 2014. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Belgium from 2009 to 2019. In 2009, the total population of Belgium was around 10.8 million people. By 2019, the total population had increased by about 0.6 million people, leaving the total at approximately 11.4 million inhabitants. In the future, the population of Belgium is expected to increase even further. According to a recent forecast, the Belgian population will reach approximately 11.5 million people in 2020 and roughly 11.7 million people in 2025. The majority of the population today is between 18 and 64 years old, as can be seen here. The most recent numbers put the number of children and adolescents at approximately 2.3 million, the number of people between 18 and 64 years at roughly seven million and the retired population of 65 years and older at approximately 2.2 million. Women outnumber men in Belgium today, as is visible in this graph. 
 As of the third quarter of 2019, The British Broadcasting Corporation (BBC) made up four of the top five radio stations in the United Kingdom for weekly reach. BBC Radio 2, the leading radio station in the UK saw its average consumer listen to over ten hours per week. The UK radio industry has seen revenues remain stagnant between 2014 and 2018. Podcasts and listen again radio One issue that traditional radio has had to face is the rise of podcasts and listen again radio stations as well as music streaming services. Consumers can now listen to exactly what they want, when they want, often without having to listen to advertising breaks. In 2018, approximately seven million people listened to podcasts in the UK. Also in 2018, approximately 30 percent of individuals used Spotify in the UK. Demographics In 2017, those aged between 25 and 44 were most likely to have listened to radio in the previous week. Unlike some other forms of media, UK consumers have been relatively slow to move over to online and app-based consumption. This may be due to the popularity of radio during drive time commutes. The AM/FM radio was still the most popular form of radio consumption in the UK in 2018. 
 This statistic depicts a ranking of Latin American countries based on the degree of inequality in wealth distribution according to the Gini coefficient as of 2017. The Gini coefficient measures the deviation of the distribution of income (or consumption) among individuals or households in a given country from a perfectly equal distribution. A value of 0 represents absolute equality, whereas 100 would be the highest possible degree of inequality. As of 2017, Brazil was deemed the most unequal country in Latin America, with a Gini coefficient of 51.3, followed by Colombia with 50.8 
 In fiscal year 2019, the net income of Namco Bandai amounted to approximately 571.71 million U.S. dollars worldwide. This represented a significant change over fiscal year 2010, when the company reported a net loss of 322.56 million U.S. dollars. Namco Bandai is a Japanese multinational video game developer and publisher, headquartered in Minato-ku, Tokyo. The company has produced several multi-million dollar video game franchises, including Tekken, Pac-Man and Galaxian, and it also owns the licenses to Dragon Ball and Naruto. The video game industry The video game industry consists of the development, marketing, and monetization of video games. It encompasses dozens of job disciplines and its component parts employ thousands of people worldwide. Video games are mostly played on PC and consoles. Two of the most popular consoles in the world, the Xbox and PlayStation, are owned by Sony and Microsoft respectively. Video game developers such as Namco Bandai, create and sell video games to be played through several consoles. The video game industry is still growing; it has been projected that the video game market will be worth 180.1 billion U.S. dollars by 2021.
 This graph depicts the average ticket price of New York Rangers games within the National Hockey League from 2005/06 to 2014/15. In the 2005/06 season, the average ticket price was 45.83 U.S. dollars. The Rangers play their home games at the Madison Square Garden in New York City. 
 This statistic shows the prize money awarded to the winner of the FIFA World Cup from 2002 to 2018. The winner of the 2014 World Cup was given 35 million U.S. dollars in prize money. 
 This statistic show the market forecast of the total cyber security sector in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2010 to 2017. The estimated market size of the total cyber security sector in 2017 is 3,489 million British pounds (GBP). Cyber security exists because the threats and costs are great enough to warrant these measure. When considering the average annual cyber crime costs by industry sector it is necessary to have cyber security in place. The total market size in this statistic is comprised and various different market segments, services, and solutions. When breaking down the solution types there is: governance, content, systems, and infrastructure. In terms of market segments, included are: defense and intelligence, other public sector, enterprises, and small & medium enterprises and consumers. Broken down by IT product/service there is: software, project services & outsourcing, hardware, network, and management consultancy. 
 The statistic above shows Cosmopolitan's advertising revenue in the United States from 2006 to 2013. In 2012, the women's magazine generated a total advertising revenue of almost 386.6 million U.S. dollars. Here you can find out how many advertising pages the magazine sells annually. Cosmopolitan - additional information Cosmopolitan was first published in the United States in 1886, dedicated as a family magazine, then a literary magazine. It was not until the late 1960s, that Cosmopolitan became the women’s magazine that is today. As of 2014, Cosmopolitan was available in 64 different international editions, in 35 languages, and in over 110 countries. In the first half of 2014, Cosmopolitan remained one the leading consumer magazines in the United States and was ranked third with 774,077 single copy sales. As a result of its popularity with consumers, the advertising revenue at Cosmopolitan has remained important but not always stable. In 2007 for example, the number of advertising pages was calculated at 1815.98. By 2013 however this figure had dropped to 1466.96 pages. In the future, expenditure on advertisements in print magazines is expected to decline as priorities are expected to shift and precedence given to spending on digital magazine ads instead. Reflecting a declining magazine industry, the number of Cosmopolitan readers in the United Kingdom has dropped from 2.03 million readers in the second half of 2003 to 1.29 million readers in the second half of 2013. Those surveyed in the UK claimed that cost (70 percent) and a lack of time (42 percent) were the reasons for reading fewer magazines. Declines in the market have been attributed to consumers being less likely to be tempted by impulse buys, especially after the recession. The price of magazines may seem too high for many consumers, as is reflected in the UK consumer survey. Women’s magazines have seen some of the largest declines in the magazine industry as a whole. 
 A survey of online users in the United States revealed that 49 percent of respondents felt that social media and messaging apps were among the three types of apps that they spent the most time on. During the third quarter 2019 survey, 26 percent of respondents stated the same about gaming apps. 
 This statistic shows the top ten cheese producing U.S. states in 2018. In that year, Wisconsin was the market leader, where around 3.42 billion pounds of cheese were produced. In the U.S., natural cheese makes up the largest share of cheese sales, generating approximately 12.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Cheese in the United States Cheese is mostly common in the Western cultural sphere, where it is one of the basic foodstuffs, and a major agricultural product. With some 7 million metric tons, the European Union is the world’s leading producer of cheese. The United States is follows, producing approximately 5 million metric tons. The top cheese producing U.S. states are Wisconsin and California. Wisconsin’s nickname as “America’s Dairyland” punctuates the state’s leading position within the U.S. dairy industry. More than two and a half billion pounds of cheese are produced in Wisconsin. California is the second largest producer. As expected, these states also count the highest number of milk cows among all U.S. states. Total consumption of all types of cheese in the United States stands slightly lower than the production volume. This means, that every American consumes around 15 kilograms of cheese annually. The most popular types of cheese among U.S. consumers are Italian-style varieties like, for example, Mozzarella and Parmesan. 
 This timeline depicts the total number of employees of the Kohl's Corporation from 2012 to 2018. In 2018, the Kohl's Corporation employed 129,000 associates. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Minnesota Vikings games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 103.98s U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Philadelphia Eagles from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Philadelphia Eagles was 69,796. 
 The annual average of London fix price for one ounce of silver in 2018 was 15.71 U.S. dollars. The global silver industry Silver is a soft, white, malleable metal that has the highest electrical and thermal conductivity of all metals. Silver is most commonly used to make coins, jewelry, and silverware. It is typically produced as a byproduct of copper, gold, lead, and zinc refining. The estimated global mine production of silver in 2018 was 27,000 metric tons. The leading country in silver production in 2018 was Mexico. In that year, they produced about 6,100 metric tons of silver. Furthermore, Poland and Peru were tied for having the largest silver reserves worldwide. As of 2018 they each had silver reserves amounting to 110,000 metric tons. Silver in the United StatesSilver exports from the United States have been fluctuating since 2008, but have recently been on the decline. In 2018, the United States exported about 160 metric tons of silver, a significant decrease from the 946 metric tons they exported in 2012. U.S. imports of silver for consumption, meanwhile, amounted to 5,400 metric tons in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults playing a musical instrument in the United States, by age group. In 2012, 20.6 percent of U.S. adults aged between 18 and 24 years played a musical instrument. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Jordan from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Jordan was at approximately 14.95 percent. 
 This forecast illustrates DVD player and recorder shipments in the United States from the first quarter of 2014 to the fourth quarter of 2018. According to the statistic around 4.83 million DVD players and recorders were shipped in the U.S. in the first quarter of 2014. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for cocoa from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for cocoa stood at 2.29 nominal U.S. dollars per kilogram. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in India from 2015 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in India is expected to reach 444.2 million, up from 281 million in 2018. Facebook users in India – additional information Facebook, headquartered in Menlo Park, California, is by far the leading social network in the world. Not only has the company been leading the market in number of active users – more than 1.7 billion active users as of September 2016 – but Facebook also owns three of the most popular social networks in the world, WhatApp, Facebook Messenger and Instagram. As of September 2016, WhatApp and Facebook Messenger had one billion active users each, while photo-sharing Instagram’s active users added up to a total of 500 million active users during the measured period. Social networking, one of the main online activities, shows healthy projections for the coming years, as the number of social network users worldwide is forecast to grow from 2.14 billion in 2015 to nearly three billion in 2020. The number of social network users in India stood at around 216.5 million in 2016, and is forecast to amount to more than 336 million by 2020. From this figure, Facebook accounts for the majority of these users, as the social network is the most popular social network the country. There were about 195 million Facebook users in India as of May 2016, against about 191 million in the U.S. and 90 million in Brazil. These figures place India as the country with the largest Facebook user base in the world. The number of Facebook users in India is forecast to continue to grow in the coming years, and add up to nearly 320 million by 2021. In line with this growth in users, Facebook penetration rate in India is expected to jump from almost 15 percent in 2016 to around 23 percent in 2021. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Norway from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Norway's real gross domestic product grew by around 1.29 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of employees of the financial services sector in London, the United Kingdom (UK) from 2007 to 2014, with the provisional results for employment as of June 2015. According to the source, a survey of members was conducted on the subject of employment trends in 2014, with companies in the area of financial and professional services with roughly 100,000 employees responding. In 2014, there were 345.4 thousand people employed in the financial services sector in London, an overall decrease of 9.4 thousand employees in comparison to 2007. As of June 2015, the provisional figure had increased to a total of more than 360 thousand financial services sector employees in London. This trend in the total number of financial services sector employees in London. It can be seen in the context of a similar trend, displayed for the overall sector. It is reflected in the total number of employees in the financial services sector for the United Kingdom (UK) as a whole. Also interesting is how the number of financial and insurance sector employees in London is forecasted to change in the future. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Seattle Seahawks from the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value amounted to around 2.8 billion U.S. dollars. The Seattle Seahawks are owned by Paul Allen, who bought the franchise for 194 million U.S. dollars in 1997. 
 The statistic provides information on brands' spending on eSports sponsorship and advertising worldwide from 2015 to 2020. According to the estimates, brands will invest 517 million U.S. dollars in marketing and sponsoring eSports related events in 2017. 
 This statistic gives information on the U.S. states with the largest losses through reported cyber crime in 2018. That year, California reported a loss of more than 450 million U.S. dollars through cyber crime, more than double the amount of second-placed New York, which reported 201 million U.S. dollars of losses to the IC3. 
 This statistic gives information on the daily internet usage rate of online users in selected global markets as of January 2018. During the survey period it was found that 87 percent of respondents from Germany stated they went online on a daily basis. 
 This statistic shows the Cincinnati Reds all-time home run leaders as of October 15, 2019. Johnny Bench has hit the most home runs in Cincinnati Reds franchise history with 389 home runs. 
 The statistic shows data on the revenue generated by Pandora Media, Inc. in the fiscal periods between February 2006 to December 2017. In the fiscal year which ended December 31, 2014, Pandora generated a total revenue of 920.8 million U.S. dollars. Here you can find out how much of the revenue is generated by subscription services and how much by advertising. 
 The number of students enrolled at Spanish universities maintained steadily above 1.4 million over the past decade. The number of university students fluctuated over the period under review, with figures registering the lowest point during the 2008/2009 academic year at over 1.4 million students and peaking during the 2018/2019 academic year at almost 1.6 million. Most of the university students in Spain opted for public institutions to complete their studies, with approximately 1.3 million enrolled during the 2018/2019 academic year. Spain and its university scene As of 2019, Spain had 83 universities, most of them located in its capital autonomous community Madrid, which was serviced by 14 higher education institutions. Catalonia and Andalusia ranked second and third with 12 and 11 universities respectively. The latest data revealed that most students enrolled in social and legal science degrees, with approximately 570 thousand future graduates during the 2016/2017 academic year. Not all fields of study are however equally popular among male and female students – male students made up 75 percent of engineering and architecture degrees in 2018, whereas 70 percent of all health science students were female. Educational attainment in Spain Over the past decade, Spain saw a great improvement in the proportion of population that attained an upper secondary or tertiary education. According to the latest studies, by 2018 over 60 percent of those aged 25 and over completed their secondary or tertiary education. This figure increased constantly over the period under review, with results showing a much smaller proportion in 2007, when the share of Spaniards aged 25 and over that had attained this educational level stood only at 50 percent. Just as the most recent data revealed, the number of years the average person is expected to dedicate to their education in Spain stood at 18 in 2015. 
 The statistic shows the total population in Japan from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the total population of Japan amounted to around 126.75 million inhabitants. See the figures for the population of South Korea for comparison. Total population in Japan From steadily low fertility rates to a growing elderly population, it is no secret that Japan’s population is shrinking. Population growth rates jump around a little, but are currently following a declining trend. The post-war baby boom generation is now in the 65-and-over age group, and the percentage of the population in that category is expected to keep growing, as is indicated by a high median age and high life expectancy. Japan already has the highest percentage of its population over 65 in the world, and the aging population puts some pressure on the Japanese government to provide welfare services for more people as rising numbers leave the workforce. However, the amount of jobs opened up for the younger generations by the older generations leaving the workforce means that unemployment is kept to a minimum. Despite a jump in unemployment after the global recession hit in 2008, rates were almost back to pre-recession rates by 2013. Another factor affecting Japan is the number of emigrants to other countries. The United States absorbs a number of emigrants worldwide, so despite a stagnating birth rate, the U.S. has seen a steady rise in population. 
 This statistic shows the number of cars sold monthly by Porsche in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. Porsche is a German automobile manufacturer, specialized in sports cars, SUVs and sedans. It was founded in Stuttgart, Germany in 1931 and is part of Volkswagen AG. The sale of Porsche cars peaked in March and September each year. This was due to these being the months of the year when the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency issued new registration plates. In September 2019, there were roughly 1,800 new Porsche registrations in the UK. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Japan from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, approximately 51.3 million people actively used social media. In 2023, this figure is projected to reach about 61.8 million social network users. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Sub-Saharan Africa from 2008 to 2018. Sub-Saharan Africa includes all countries south of the Sahara desert. In 2018, the total population of Sub-Saharan Africa amounted to approximately 1.08 billion inhabitants. 
 Cotton production in the United States fluctuates significantly from year to year. In 2019, around 20.1 million bales of cotton were produced in the United States, a drop from 18.4 million bales in the previous year. Leading States for cotton production Historically, much of the cotton in the United States has been grown in the Southern states, and this trend continues to this day. Texas had a cotton production volume of about 6.94 million bales in 2018, making that state the top producer of cotton in the United States. Texas produced several times more than the second leading producer of cotton, Georgia. In that year, Georgia produced around 1.95 million bales of cotton. Genetically modified cotton Compared to other crops like genetically modified corn and soybeans, the acreage of genetically modified cotton is relatively low in the United States. However, between 2015 and 2017 the area planted with GM cotton in the U.S. has been creeping. One of the most common types of genetically modified cotton is herbicide resistant cotton, which can survive being sprayed with herbicides while surrounding weeds are destroyed 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Miami Dolphins games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 84.51 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate of Black single parent families with a female householder and no spouse present in the U.S. from 1990 to 2018. In 1990, 48.1 percent of all Black families with a single mother in the United States lived below the poverty level. In 2018, that figure was at 29.4 percent. Poverty is the state of one who lacks a certain amount of material possessions or money. Absolute poverty or destitution is inability to afford basic human needs, which commonly includes clean and fresh water, nutrition, health care, education, clothing and shelter. 
 France and Spain had the joint-highest prevalence of cannabis use among adults in Europe as of 2018, with eleven percent of their populations consuming cannabis in the preceding twelve months. This was followed by Italy with 10.2 percent of the population using cannabis, while only 0.9 percent of individuals in Malta were consuming it during this time period. Demographics of cannabis users in France In France it is the younger age groups who have both a higher frequency of having tried cannabis at any point and daily use. With 27 percent of those aged between 18 and 25 years having consumed cannabis in the last twelve months as of a 2017 survey. While almost five percent in the same age group state they smoke cannabis every day. Other drug use in the EU Cannabis is by far the most used drug across the population of the European Union, with over a quarter using at some point in their lifetime. This is followed by cocaine which five percent have used in their life and then amphetamines with 3.6 percent of individuals having used. 
 In 2015, some 87 percent of Canadians stated that, out of any product category, they are most likely to purchase food from Canadian producers or brands as opposed to imported products. Beer and clothing were the next two most popular product segments, with 46 and 45 percent of respondents stating they would likely buy Canadian goods respectively. In the same survey, some 25 percent of consumers said that they always buy Canadian products. Canadian loyalty Whether it be to protest U.S. trade tariffs, prevent more international brands coming north of the border, or to simply support Canadian producers and manufacturers, many consumers are loyal to homegrown Canadian brands. Most of the brand’s products being made in Canada is a key identifier of a true Canadian brand to consumers. There is, however, a stark difference between age groups when it comes to attitudes towards Canadian-made and U.S.-made grocery products. Some 72 percent of consumers aged 55 and over stated in a recent survey that they are much more likely to choose a Canadian-made product. This figure decreased to 46 percent for consumers aged between 18 and 34. 
How many paid subscribers does Spotify have? As of the fourth quarter of 2019, Spotify had 124 million premium subscribers worldwide, up from 96 million in the corresponding quarter of 2018. Spotify’s subscriber base has increased dramatically in the last few years, more than doubling in just three years. Spotify and competitors Spotify is a music streaming service originally founded in 2006 in Sweden. The platform can be used from various devices and allows users to browse through a catalogue of music licensed through multiple record labels, as well as creating and sharing playlists with other users. Additionally, listeners are able to enjoy music for free with advertisements or are also given the option to purchase a subscription to allow for unlimited ad-free music streaming. Spotify’s largest competitors are Pandora, a company that offers a similar service, and Apple Music which was launched in 2015. Pandora is the highest-grossing music app title in the Apple App Store and often generates over 15 million U.S. dollars in revenue each month. Users are also able to register Spotify accounts using Facebook directly through the website using an app. This enables them to connect with other Facebook friends and explore their music tastes and playlists. Spotify is a popular source for keeping up-to-date with music, and the ability to enjoy Spotify anywhere at any time allows consumers to shape their music consumption around their lifestyles and preferences. 
 The statistic shows the top 50 countries ranked by the global terrorism index for 2019. The global terrorism index systematically ranks countries of the world according to their terrorist activity. Afghanistan ranked first on the global terrorism index with a score of 9.6 points, making it the country most affected by terrorism on Earth. In conclusion with the ranking, Afghanistan suffered from the most terrorist attacks in 2018, with 1,294 attacks and the most fatalities from terrorist attacks in 2018, with 9,961. Additional information on the Global terrorism index The Global Terrorism Index is an annual ranking produced by the Institute for Economics and Peace. As even the definition of terrorism is hotly debated, it is essential to highlight that the methodologies used to measure terrorism are also contested. The Global Terrorism Index ranks 163 countries on four indicators weighted over five years. These four factors are: the number of terrorist incidents per year, the number of fatalities caused by terrorists per year, the number of injuries caused by terrorists per year, and total property damage caused by terrorism per year. Terrorism comes in a number of forms from a variety of groups with differing intentions. The recent destruction caused by Islamic State and Boko Haram can help to explain the high rankings of Iraq and Nigeria respectively. The operation of numerous groups alongside or in conflict with Islamic State led to Afghanistan falling victim to the largest number of attacks in 2018. The effect of including this metric in the Global Terrorism Index is the high rankings of Syria and Iraq who were second and third respectively in the most attacks globally for 2018. On the non-human casualty side of the index, property loss is an important metric as loss of shelter or livelihood has a long lasting impact on those who survive the attack physically unharmed. The high percentage of attacks in advanced economies in the most expensive terrorist attacks by insured property loss demonstrates the limitation of using comparative financial data. Although the insured losses are lower in countries such as Iraq and Afghanistan, this does not suggest the impact of property loss is lower. The instability in these countries often makes insurance unaffordable for most citizens. 
 This graph shows the real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Canada in 2018, by province. In 2018, Ontario added about 728.4 billion chained (2012) Canadian dollars of value to the real GDP of Canada. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price in the National Hockey League from the 2006/07 season to the 2014/15 season. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was at 43.13 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Brazil from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is measured by the share of urban population in the total population. In 2018, 86.57 percent of Brazil's total population lived in cities. 
 This statistic shows the number of recent immigrants in Quebec from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, there were 44,856 new immigrants to Quebec. 
 Among all age groups worldwide, those aged 30 to 39 years had the highest percentage of fitness mobile app users. It was estimated that in 2016, around 41 percent of those aged 30 to 39 years used fitness tracking apps to track their health. The popularity of fitness tracking apps has increased significantly within recent years. App usage Fitness apps are used to track many aspects of health and wellbeing. Not only are they used for health data such as fitness and nutrition, they can also be used for mental health and chronic illness tracking. Health app users access their apps in a variety of ways. The most common way that health app users accessed their apps was through their mobile phone. When app publishers were asked who they target their apps for, people with chronic illness were most commonly chosen as a target demographic for health apps. Health app market Fitness tracking app downloads have dramatically increased in recent years. App diversity and availability have also increased since the popularity of health apps has risen. Since 2015, the number of apps available for download from the Apple store has almost doubled. The top health and fitness app downloaded through the Google Play store in March 2019 was Calorie Counter by MyFitnessPal. The second most downloaded health app at that time was Headspace: Meditation & Sleep. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Canada from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, there were approximately 25.3 million social network users in Canada, and this figure is projected to grow to 27.1 million in 2023. 
 In 2018, the estimated average inflation rate in Pakistan amounted to about 3.93 percent compared to the previous year, a slight drop from 2017, but an ever sharper one compared to four years earlier. Over the next few years, forecasts estimate it to level off at around 5 percent. Pakistan‘s more or less fragile economy Pakistan is one of the most populous countries in the worldwith a large Muslim population and a rather low urbanization rate, which means that the majority of Pakistanis live in rural areas. However, the majority of the country's GDP is generated by the services sector, which also employs most of the workforce. As of now, Pakistan’s economic growth seems stable, but that wasn’t always the case. Stable growth ahead? Like many others, Pakistan’s economy suffered during the 2009 financial crisis, and while it has recovered today, inflation was still over 10 percent in 2012. GDP slumped during that time as well, but now, ten years later, it has almost tripled and seems to be on an upward trend. Although its GDP generation now mainly relies on services, Pakistan still exports agricultural goods like cotton. However, the country still struggles with an increasing trade deficit and thus rising national debt – two factors that could hinder economic growth in the future. 
 This statistic depicts orange production worldwide from 2012/2013 to 2018/2019. During the marketing year 2015/2016, global orange production amounted to about 47.06 million metric tons, and is estimated to reach to 54.23 million metric tons in 2018/2019. 
 Between 2015 and 2019, the average wage in the private sector in the Netherlands increased year on year by between 1.2 and 2.4 percent. For the next year, an even greater growth of average wages is forecast. In 2020, wages in the private sector are expected to increase by just under three percent. A similar positive development is forecast for contract wages in collective agreements in the country. Average wages in the Netherlands In 2017, the average annual wage in the Netherlands was around 46,800 euros – a decrease in comparison to the previous two years. The average wage peaked in 2016, at just over 47,000 euros. In 2000, this was only 42,086 euros. Highest salaries in the mining and quarrying industry Employees in the mining and quarrying sector on average had the highest salaries in the Netherlands, earning about twice as much as the average salary in the country. By comparison, employees working in the accommodation and food serving industry on average earned only 13,700 euros per year. 
 Exports of iron and steel scrap reached 18 million metric tons in the United States in 2019. This includes used rails for re-rolling and other uses as well as ships, boats, and other vessels for scrapping. The majority of scrap consumption in the domestic industry can be attributed to manufacturers of pig iron, raw steel, and steel castings. The manufacturers use scrap in combination with pig iron and direct-reduced iron to produce steel products for a wide range of applications, including appliances, construction, machinery, and oil and gas. Other uses for iron and steel scrap include producing cast iron and steel products by the ferrous castings industry as well as for the production of ferroalloys, and the precipitation of copper by the chemical industry. In comparison, exports of steel scrap from Mexico totaled only 626,000 metric tons in 2017. Scrap recycling Recycled iron and steel are often used as raw materials for the production of new steel and cast iron. As many facilities have been designed to use scrap material, the dependency on the recycling of these products is high. Recycling of this scrap material has ranged between 80 and 90 percent over the last decade, with automobiles as the largest source. 
 Siemens AG's net income dropped by some eight percent to about 5.6 billion euros in 2019. Severance charges amounted to about 0.52 euros per share in 2019. Another difficult year for stockholders After a string of spin-offs and mergers, stock owners suffered a decline in net income attributable to shareholders of the world's fourth largest conglomerate company: This figure came to around 5.17 billion euros in 2019, compared with 5.8 billion euros in 2018. Basic earnings per share were also lower in 2019 with 6.41 euros, compared with 7.12 euros in the previous year. Earnings per share attributable to Siemens Healthineers rose by 11 percent, however, compared with the previous year. Siemens Healthineers and Gamesa Siemens AG holds majority stakes in Siemens Gamesa Renewable Energy and Siemens Healthineers. The Healthineers segment was spun off and went public in March 2018. Siemens Healthineers AG's is expected to become one of the largest suppliers of technology to the healthcare industry. 
 This statistic shows the average price for a basic manicure in nail salons in the United States from 2005 to 2019. Nails salons in the U.S. charged an average price of 22.75 U.S. dollars for a basic manicure in 2019. 
 This statistic charts the mean age of mothers at childbirth in the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2018. Throughout this period there has been a clear trend of mothers having children later in life, with the average age of mothers in the UK increasing from 28.5 in 2000 to 30.6 by 2018. 
 This graph shows the real value added to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Florida in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the mining industry added 1.89 billion chained 2012 U.S. dollars of value to the state GDP. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Angola from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Angola amounted to about 19.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In March 2018, a patient in Accident and Emergency in the United Kingdom would spend an average of 64 minutes waiting before treatment would begin. Since the start of the provided time interval in 2011 this is the second longest average waiting time recorded. The only time it was higher was the average waiting time in March 2016, which rose to 69 minutes. Since this point the average waiting time has gone above one hour on occasions whereas before this point it had never done so. Substantial waiting times experienced by patients Between January and March 2019 in England 85.1 percent of patients who attended A&E were admitted, transferred or discharged within four hours. This is well below the NHS’s target that 95 percent of attendees to A&E should be seen within four hours. Since 2011, the share of patients seen within four hours has been declining. In addition, since 2016 there has been a marked increase in examples of patients waiting for more than twelve hours at A&E to be admitted. Increased number of attendances The reasons behind the increased waiting times and the missed treatment targets could be partially explained by the increased number of people attending A&E. There were over 6.2 million attendances to the A&E department in England in the fourth quarter 2018/19. This figure has on the general increase since 2012, which means there is a greater strain on emergency services across the country. 
 Reddit is a web traffic powerhouse: in October 2019 almost 1.27 billion visits were measured to the online forum, making it one of the most-visited websites online. The front page of the internet Formerly known as “the front page of the internet”, Reddit is an online forum platform with over 130,000 sub-forums and communities. The platform allows registered users, called Redditors, to post content. Each post is open to the entire Reddit community to vote upon, either by down- or upvotes. The most popular posts are featured directly on the front page. Subreddits are available by category and Redditors can follow selected subreddits relevant to their interest and also control what content they see on their custom front page. Some of the most popular subreddits are r/AskReddit or r/AMA – the “Ask Me Anything” format. According to the company, Reddit hosted 1,800 AMAs in 2018, with a wide range of topics and hosts. The most popular Reddit AMA of 2018 by number of upvotes was by Bill Gates on the topic of the 10th annual letter of the Gates Foundation. Reddit usage The United States account for the biggest share of Reddit's desktop traffic, followed by the UK, and Canada. As of October 2018, Reddit ranked among the most popular mobile social apps in the United States with almost 33 million monthly active users. 
 The statistic presents the leading eSports games worldwide in 2019, ranked by cumulative tournament prize pool. According to the source, League of Legends took sixth spot on the list, with a prize pool worth 8.95 million U.S. dollars that year. Fortnite ranked first, owing to a prize pool valued at 64.37 million U.S. dollars in 2019. In terms of top eSports tournaments based on prize pool, as of November 2019 The International 9 takes the lead with 34.33 million U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price of all National Hockey League teams in 2014/15. The average ticket price for a Nashville Predators home game was 62.16 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Venezuela from between 2011 to 2018, with projections up until 2021. In 2018, Venezuela's real gross domestic product decreased by 18 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Sub-Saharan Africa from 2007 to 2017. The fertility rate is the average number of children born to one woman while being of child-bearing age. Sub-Saharan Africa includes almost all countries south of the Sahara desert. In 2017, the fertility rate in Sub-Saharan Africa amounted to 4.77 children per woman. 
 In 2019, hip-hop artist Post Malone amassed almost 6.7 billion streams in the United States, outranking Taylor Swift, Billie Eilish, and Ariana Grande. Music streaming is a lucrative source of income for modern musicians and can make up significant portions of their annual income. Second in the ranking was Drake with 6.35 million streams, falling behind slightly after far outperforming all other artists in 2018 with more than ten millions that year. In fact, more than 17 million U.S. dollars of Drake’s 2018 income came from streaming, and singers Beyoncé and Bruno Mars also made between three and four million dollars each from fans streaming their songs. Equally, whilst newer artists tend to be more successful on streaming platforms than those whose heyday has already passed, many older musicians have adapted to digital formats to increase their online presence and attract new listeners. Elton John earns more from streaming than from sales or publishing, and Paul McCartney also tends to earn over one million dollars per annum by making his music available to stream via digital platforms. The impact of music streaming Music streaming platforms like Spotify have enabled a culture whereby music fans can enjoy their favorite tunes on the go and in any location they choose. Streaming is the main source of revenue within the U.S. music industry and grew ten percent between 2017 and 2018. Meanwhile, physical revenue is decreasing, and the retail value of physical CD shipments has dwindled from over 13 billion U.S. dollars to less than 700 million in 18 years. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Miami Dolphins from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Miami Dolphins was 63,067. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC fuel duty receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. The overall trend was one of increase, seeing a peak in 2018/19 with 27.99 billion British pounds and a total rise of over 5 billion British pounds throughout this period. 
 This timeline depicts the net sales per square foot of Dollar General in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the company's net sales per square foot amounted to 231 U.S. dollars. Dollar General is a chain of discount variety stores that operates in 44 U.S. states. 
 The statistic shows the number of cruise passengers worldwide in 2018, by source country. According to the source, 14.24 million cruise passengers came from North America in 2018. 
 The statistic depicts the countries worldwide with the most number of outbound travel trips in 2010. Germany was the country with the most outbound travel worldwide with a total of 72.6 million outbound trips, a share of 10 percent of the global outbound travel. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Philadelphia Eagles, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2017, the revenue of the Philadelphia Eagles was 482 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of unique victims of child abuse in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, about 12,158 unique victims of child abuse were reported in Alabama. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Tampa Bay Rays from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Tampa Bay Rays was 14,734. • Tampa Bay Rays total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the average time elapsed between sentencing and execution for inmates on death row in the United States from 1990 to 2017. In 2017, an average of 243 months elapsed between sentencing and execution for inmates on death row. This is an increase from 1990, when an average of 95 months passed between sentencing and execution. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Saudi Arabia in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP) from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Saudi Arabia's national debt amounted to approximately 18.98 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Colombia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Colombia's real gross domestic product increased by around 2.57 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the New York Giants, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. The revenue of the New York Giants was at 519 million U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This timeline depicts the number of Family Dollar stores in the United States from 2008 to 2014. In 2012, Family Dollar had 7,442 stores open throughout the United States. Family Dollar is an American chain of variety stores that operates in 45 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in South Africa from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in South Africa is expected to reach 19.8 million, up from 16.2 million users in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in the Philippines from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in the Philippines was at 6.78 percent. 
 The solid waste industry in the United States generated 60 billion U.S. dollars of revenue in 2016. Municipal solid waste is more commonly known as the garbage produced by households and can include packaging, grass clippings, bottles, and newspapers. Material that is recovered from the waste stream can be recycled and composted, the remainder will end up in landfills. The average American generated 4.48 pounds of trash per day in 2015, an increase from 2.68 pounds per day in 1960. Food and other organic wastes made up the largest share of waste materials landfilled. Waste streams The municipal solid waste industry is highly regulated by public policies and regulations and is regionally dependent. The waste composition generated by different regions will require different waste management technologies. In the United States, paper and paperboard products account for the largest share of municipal solid waste. However, generation of paper products has declined as the consumption of newspaper and office papers have been reduced due to increased use of electronic records. 
 In 2018, the average annualized cost of cyber crime attacks in the United States amounted to 27.37 million U.S. dollars. Second-ranked Japan averaged 13.57 million U.S. dollars in damages to attacked companies per year. Overall, the financial service sector had the highest annual costs caused by cyber crime. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the New York Jets of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value amounted to around 3.2 billion U.S. dollars. The New York Jets are owned by Robert Wood Johnson IV, who bought the franchise for 635 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Thailand from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Thailand amounted to approximately 67.79 million inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows how often people in the United States use headphones in 2017 according to a Statista survey. 31 percent of respondents said that they use headphones on a daily basis. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Alberta from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Alberta's GDP was 336.28 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh apples in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh apples amounted to approximately 16.91 pounds in 2018. 
 In 2010, unemployment rate in France reached a record level of 10.4 percent. Unemployment remains a rampant issue for French economy, being stagnant year-over-year since the financial and economical crisis in 2008. During the first quarter of 2018, more than 1.4 million people aged between 25 and 49 years were unemployed in France. Change in unemployment since 2008 In 2008, year of the financial crisis, unemployment rate in France reached its lowest level since 2004. That year, France had an unemployment rate of 7.4 percent while, one year before it had reached 8 eight percent. Unemployment is an important economic factor for a country and a measure of a region’s economic health. Despite its low level in 2008, unemployment rate in France increased steadily between 2009 and 2016. In 2015, it even reached its highest level since the mid-2000s with a percentage of unemployed people among the French population which was of 10.4 percent. That year, unemployed people represented 11.5 percent of the urban population in France. However, French unemployment rate seemed to be experiencing improvements in recent years. In 2017, long-term employment rate decreased after several years of constant growth. Unemployment in France and the EU European markets were particularly affected by the 2008 global financial crisis and the recession which followed. Nevertheless, Unemployment rate in the EU reached 6.5 percent in January 2019, compared to 7.2 percent one year before and the number of unemployed persons in the European Union and the Euro area is declining since 2018. This improvement seems to be affecting France to a lesser extent. France was one of the EU members with the highest unemployment rate in 2019, and youth unemployment still reaches a record number in the country. 
 This statistic shows the unique monthly visitors to social couponing site Groupon from May 2019 to October 2019. During the last measured month, almost 43.4 million unique global visitors had visited Groupon, down from 52.9 million visitors in May 2019. 
 This statistic displays the value of internet retail sales in the United Kingdom (UK) monthly from January 2016 to December 2019. In September 2019, sales decreased to a value of 1.31 billion British pounds. Since then, they have increased, and in December 2019, the value of online retail sales peaked at approximately 2.1 billion British pounds. Overall the value of internet retail sales has steadily increased with peaks during the winter season, reflecting sales increase from the holiday season. E-commerce retail sales have been increasing steadily in conjunction with mobile commerce retail sales which are projected to increase to approximately 29.04 billion British pounds by 2018. Total e-commerce sales in the UK amounted to approximately 533 billion British pounds in 2015. In 2015, the UK had the third largest e-commerce market in the world. Further information on e-commerce in the UK can be found in the Dossier: E-commerce in the United Kingdom and in the Dossier: Internet industry in the United Kingdom. 
 This statistic shows the operating income of the carmaker Toyota from the fiscal year of 2008 to the fiscal year of 2019 in million yen. In the fiscal year of 2019, Toyota's operating income amounted to around 2.5 trillion yen (roughly 22.3 billion U.S. dollars). The Toyota Motor Corporation is a Japan-based multinational company with headquarters in Japan. Toyota is the incumbent leader in terms of global car sales by manufacturer. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the Netherlands from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP per capita in the Netherlands was around 53,228.27 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, the rate of forcible rapes in the United States stood at 30.9 per 100,000 inhabitants. While this figure is about the same as it was in 2007, when the rate was 30.6, it has decreased from 1990, when there were 41.2 forcible rapes per 100,000 inhabitants. What is forcible rape? According to the FBI, forcible rape is defined as “sexual penetration, no matter how slight, with a body part or object without the consent of the victim.” This definition changed in 2013 from the previous definition, which specified “carnal knowledge of a female victim forcibly and against her will.” Attempted rape was included in the previous definition, but statutory rape and other sexual offenses were excluded. The old definition was seen as problematic, as people of any gender can be raped. Since the revision of the definition of rape, reported rapes increased by about 20 percent, although it is not clear if this is due to the revised definition or if the rate itself has increased. Rape in the United States While rape and sexual assault have been extensively talked about in the U.S. in recent years, especially since the start of the #metoo movement, there is still a large number of sexual offences committed each year. Sadly, the majority of sex offences in the U.S. are carried out against individuals age 20 and under. Astoundingly, the Anchorage, Alaska metropolitan area had the highest rape rate in the United States in 2018, followed by Rapid City, South Dakota. Since rape and sexual assault continue to be underreported in the United States, it is important to find a solution to this devastating problem. 
 This statistic represents the wallboard product sales in the United States between 2007 and 2019. In 2019, approximately 24 billion square feet of wallboard products were sold in the United States. Building materials in the United States: wallboard After its tremendous downturn following the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis, the housing industry in the United States is making a comeback, especially in markets like New York, Dallas and Houston. S&P/Case Shiller's national home price index for the United States was expected to grow to some 205 points in 2018, up from around 128 points in 2011, the worst year for US housing in half a decade. As a result, building material manufacturers are trying to tap into the market and have begun to raise prices dramatically. Thus, homebuilders are faced with increasing costs of building materials. Major companies involved in building materials include the United States Gypsum Corporation, Lafarge and Wacker. Wallboard, which is also known as drywall, plasterboard or gypsum board, is a panel made of gypsum plaster. The panel is usually sandwiched between two thick sheets of paper to make interior wall and ceilings. Wallboard construction is prevalent in North America in comparison to the traditional usage of lath and plaster due to quicker application. Some 42 million metric tons of gypsum was consumed in the U.S. in 2019. The rise in prices is believed to be driven by increased building activity and demand from home improvement retailers. In the long run, expensive construction materials are set to have an impact on property prices, too. At 326,400 US dollars, the U.S. median house price of new homes sold in the US has increased steadily over the last decades. 
 This statistic shows the number of executions worldwide in 2018. In 2018, at least 253 people were executed in Iran. The figures represent minimum values according to Amnesty International. The actual figures may be higher. Some countries intentionally conceal their death penalty practices while others do not maintain accurate records on the number of death sentences and executions carried out. 
 The statistic shows the member states of the European Union with the highest number cashless payment transactions in 2018. In the United Kingdom (UK), approximately 27.7 billion transactions were reported from the cashless payment segment, making the UK Europe’s leading member state in terms of cashless payment transactions. The dawn of cashless payments The practice of paying without cash has its roots in the United States and was first used in the 1940s as a means of paying for automobile fuel. As the number of motorists in the country that would soon become the world’s dominant economy began to rise, a way was sought to make the process of re-fueling more convenient. This was the dawn of the cashless payment. The process is so popular now, that in 2018 more than 111 billion cashless transactions took place in the EU member states. Cashless payment transactions It took a while before the practice was to be adopted in other parts of the world. Initial adoption rates of one form of cashless payment, the credit card, were high in the United States, Canada and the United Kingdom but elsewhere the acceptance levels were relatively slow. It took until the mid 1990s for the credit card payments to be more widely accepted, but despite this, usage rates around the world vary vastly. Some countries are very cash oriented and despite Germany’s position as the country with the third highest number of cashless payment transactions in Europe, the country is generally considered to be primarily cash-reliant. Cultural aspects might have a role to play into that: debt and financial insecurity is identified as a highly negative value in the culture. The fear of ‘Schuld’, which translates as well into ‘guilt’ and ‘blame’ as it does into ‘debt’, stands as one of the possible reasons to explain as to why it is more common to pay with cash in Germany. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of British Columbia from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, British Columbia's GDP was 246.26 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 This statistic represents the volume of international seaborne trade carried by container ships from 1980 through 2017. Globally, seaborne containerized cargo amounted to around 1.83 billion tons loaded in 2017. 
 The timeline shows Harley-Davidson's worldwide motorcycle revenue between the 2001 and 2018 fiscal years. Harley-Davidson's global motorcycle revenue amounted to around 5.7 billion U.S. dollars in the 2018 fiscal year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Bahrain from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Bahrain amounted to about 2.1 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in softball in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in softball amounted to approximately 9.69 million. 
 This statistic shows Microsoft's global revenue figures from the 2002 fiscal year to the 2019 fiscal year. In FY2019, Microsoft generated 125.84 billion U.S. dollars in revenue, a record year in terms of revenue for the company. Microsoft and Bill Gates Microsoft has become a constant figure among the world’s most valuable brands. Its founder Bill Gates is presently, and perhaps unsurprisingly, one of the richest men in the United States and among the richest billionaires worldwide, among other well-known figures such as Warren Buffet, Carlos Slim Helu, and Larry Ellison. In addition to his status as an entrepreneur, Bill Gates is also known for his philanthropy. In 2000, together with his wife, they created the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. The foundation has donated a considerable amount of money, in particular in the area of research and development of treatments for neglected diseases. While Bill Gates no longer heads the Microsoft Corporation, the company itself continues to show extremely strong results around the world, with versions of its most famous product, the Windows operating system, consistently leading the home operating system market. The Microsoft Office suite also remains the most widely used office software around the world with few comparable competitors in sight. 
 The statistic presents a ranking of the leading players of the national soccer team of Colombia as of May 2019, based on market value. As of May 2019, the Colombian attacking midfielder James Rodríguez was the most valuable player in the national team, with a market value of approximately 74 million U.S. dollars. Davidson Sánchez ranked second, with a value of over 51 million dollars. 
 Over the past decade the profits after tax have increased drastically for FC Bayern Munich, one of the most prominent football club of the German Bundesliga, the top tier football league of Germany. 2017 to 2018 was the first after seven years in which profits after tax decreased from 39.2 million euros to 29.5 million euros in the next year. The gross revenue still increased and stood at 657.4 million euros in that year. During the 2018 to 2019 financial year the total profit after tax reached a record high of over 52 million British Pounds. Bayern Munich most successful club in Bundesliga For the overall time period since 1963, Bayern Munich ranks highest out of all the teams in the Bundesliga, ahead of Werder Bremen, Borussia Dortmund and Hamburger SV. In a survey based on public interest among Germans from 2018, Bayern Munich lead in as the most popular club and the number of fan club members almost doubled in the last 10 years. Highest enterprise value of German clubs The enterprise value of Bayern Munich keeps increasing and reached approximately 2.5 billion euros in 2018, the fourth highest in Europe at this point in time. Player salaries also increased, reaching an average annual first-team player salary of roughly 6.35 million in British pounds or 8.36 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita of Iran from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until to 2024. In 2018, Iran's GDP amounted to approximately 5,416.53 U.S. dollars per capita. 
 This statistic presents Snap's quarterly average revenue per user (ARPU). As of the fourth quarter of 2019, the photo app company's ARPU amounted to 2.58 U.S. dollars per quarter, up from 2.12 U.S. dollars in the preceding period. 
 This statistic presents the number of athletes from Latin America and the Caribbean participating in the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Games, sorted by country. Out of a total of 37 athletes from this region, nine were from Brazil and seven from Chile. 
 This statistic shows the total annual receipts of the U.S. government from 2012 to 2019, by quarter. The total annual receipts of the government added up to about 5.78 trillion U.S. dollars in the third quarter of 2019. 
 In 2017, the average annual gross pension in Italy amounted to 17.9 thousand euros per recipient. The average pension in the country grew steadily during the period, and experienced an increase of almost ten percent since 2011, when it amounted to 11.2 thousand euros. An expensive social security system A social security system is meant to help individuals and families deal with unexpected accidents and losses, invest in health and education and protect the elderly. The Italian social security system is public and based on compulsory contributions made by taxpayers and managed by the State. Depending on several factors, ranging from the average age of retirement to the generosity of the benefits paid, social security can be very costly for the State. In 2016, in Italy there were over 16 million pensioners (654677), defined as an individual who receives at least one type of pension benefit (806281), and the public expenditure for pensions reached over 280 billion euros, which amounted to approximately 17 percent of the Country’s GDP. The increasing popularity of pension funds Alongside the public social security system, pension funds based on voluntary contributions by private members can provide a safety net for those who want to receive a supplementary benefit. Despite being far from reaching the values registered in other countries such as the United Kingdom, the Netherlands and Germany in terms of assets, the popularity of pension funds is growing in Italy. In fact, the value of voluntary pension funds’ contributions in Italy increased from 6.8 billion euros in 2007 to 10.4 billion euros in 2017. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of players of the German football Bundesliga by market (transfer) value in September 2019. Joshua Kimmich of FC Bayern Munich has a market (transfer) value of 70 million euros. The player with the highest market value in the Bundesliga is Jadon Sancho of Borussia Dortmund, who was valued at 100 million euros as of September 2019. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh potatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh potatoes amounted to 31.1 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the total assets of BMW Group from the fiscal year of 2007 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, BMW Group had a balance sheet total of around 208.9 billion euros. 
 The typical American picture of a family with 2.5 kids might not be as relevant as it once was: In 2019, there was an average of 1.93 children under 18 per family in the United States. This is a decrease from 2.33 children under 18 per family in 1960. Familial structure in the United States If there’s one thing the United States is known for, it’s diversity. Whether this is diversity in ethnicity, culture, or family structure, there is something for everyone in the U.S. Two-parent households in the U.S. are declining, and the number of families with no children are increasing. The number of families with children has stayed more or less constant since 2000. Adoptions in the U.S. Families in the U.S. don’t necessarily consist of parents and their own biological children. In 2018, around 42,237 children were adopted by married couples, and 15,704 children were adopted by single women. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were using Pinterest as of February 2019, sorted by age group. During that period of time, 34 percent of respondents aged between 18 and 29 years stated that they used the visual blogging site. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Bangladesh from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 36.63 percent of Bangladesh's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New York Mets games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 27.60 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the per capita real Gross Domestic Product of California from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the per capita real GDP of California stood at 68,803 chained 2012 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in target shooting in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in target shooting amounted to approximately 30.46 million. 
 This statistic shows the price of 99.85 percent pure refined tin from 2014 to 2018, including a forecast until 2030. It is estimated that the tin price in 2030 will be around 23,000 U.S. dollars per metric ton, a significant increase compared to the current price per metric ton of tin. 
 This statistic displays the age distribution of customers at Debenhams in the United Kingdom as of 2015. According to their annual report, 20 percent of Debenhams customers are in the age group 45-54. Debenhams is a British retailer selling clothing, furniture and other household items in a department store format. The brand owns and operates stores in the UK, Ireland and Denmark as well as franchises in other international locations. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Burger King restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. Burger King's ACSI score was 76 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. Burger King Burger King is a quick-service restaurant chain headquartered in Miami-Dade County, Florida. It was founded in 1953 as Insta-Burger King, which was later shortened to just Burger King. After several changes in ownership Burger King was taken public in 2006 via its IPO by TPG Capital, which had purchased the company in 2002 for about 1.5 billion U.S. dollars. Burger King was made private again in 2010 by 3G Capital, which paid 3.3 billion U.S. dollars for the majority stake. In 2012, Burger King started to be traded publicly again via a merger with a preexisting stock (Justice Holding). 3G Capital still is the majority shareholder. In 2018, almost 18 thousand Burger King restaurants were in operation around the world. The vast majority of those stores were franchised restaurants, only 50 remained company-operated. Burger King’s revenue was at 1.65 billion U.S. dollars during its 2018 fiscal year. Of the total revenue 80 thousand U.S. dollars was earned through company-operated restaurants, while 1.58 billion U.S. dollars was from franchise and property revenue. Burger King’s restaurant sales amounted to 75 million U.S. dollars in 2018. Amongst Burger King’s competitors in the quick-service restaurant market are McDonald’s, Subway, Yum Brands! (Kentucky Fried Chicken, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell), Chick-fil-A, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Wendy’s Domino’s Pizza and many others. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Texas Rangers games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 25.75 U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh romaine and leaf lettuce in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh romaine and leaf lettuce amounted to approximately 12.3 pounds in 2018. 
 Hewlett-Packard's revenue from printers and copiers reached about 20 billion U.S. dollars in the fiscal year 2019. The printing segment is one of two main business segments of HP Inc. Personal systems is HP Inc’s second business segment, which in 2019 generated around 38.7 billion U.S. dollars in revenue, bringing the company’s overall revenue to more than 58 billion U.S. dollars in that year. HP faces stagnant PC market HP Inc has so far been able to withstand the overall trend of a shrinking PC market, as the company has consistently shipped more than 50 million PCs annually over the past few years. Nevertheless, the company is adjusting to the changing market, for example by emphasizing the development of gaming computers, one segment that is bucking the overall PC market trend and growing. The company has also restructured its business model for selling devices. In 2017, HP Inc debuted its “device as a service” program so businesses could pay for technology and associated services and support on a monthly basis. Split of Hewlett-Packard In 2015 Hewlett Packard split up into two separate entities, with HP Inc continuing to sell PCs and printers. The second new entity Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) focuses on servers, storage, networking, and security services. Although Hewlett Packard’s leadership expected newly spun-off HP Enterprise to be the more promising half, HP Inc has gained strong momentum as an independent hardware company with its personal computer and printer divisions. As part of its push to remain a leader within the PC market, HP Inc acquired Samsung Electronics’ printer segment in 2017 for around one billion U.S. dollars, and in 2019 substantially expanded its business relationship with Xerox Corporation to meet a wider range of customer’s PC needs. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Mount Rushmore National Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Mount Rushmore National Memorial amounted to approximately 1.96 million in 2019. 
 Mental health treatment facilities are instrumental in helping those suffering from acute or chronic mental health issues get care in a safe and secure environment. As of 2018, there were 11,682 registered mental health treatment facilities in the U.S. Within those, 8,956 were less than 24-hour outpatient facilities while 1,920 facilities were 24-hour inpatient facilities. U.S. Mental health facilities Inpatient mental health treatment may be needed for those that are a danger to themselves or others, those using drugs, those that need to be stabilized or those that are experiencing psychosis. The top hospitals in the U.S. for adult psychiatry include McLean Hospital in Massachusetts, Massachusetts General Hospital and New York-Presbyterian University Hospital of Columbia and Cornell in New York. Very few mental health treatment facilities accept all age groups and less than a quarter accept those under the age of 18. Mental health in the U.S. Mental illness can affect anyone of any age; however, some groups experience more mental illness than others. It is estimated that up to one quarter of the U.S. adult population faces some mental illness, with women suffering more than men. A recent survey also demonstrated that Oregon, Utah and Arkansas had the highest percentage of people that described their mental health as poor. Other mental health variables can compound one another. For example, mental illness and substance use can be especially difficult to diagnose and treat. 
 The statistic present the leading video gaming markets in Africa in 2018, ranked by revenue. According to the estimates, Egypt was the top gaming market in the region, seeing as it generated 293 million U.S. dollars in the measured period. Morocco ranked third among African countries, with gaming revenue reaching 129 million U.S. dollars that year. 
 This statistic shows the total net lending or borrowing of the U.S. government from 2012 to 2019, by quarter. In the third quarter of 2019, the U.S. government's budget balance amounted to a net borrowing of about 1.58 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in Greece from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Greece's population was 43.4 years. See the Greek population figures for comparison. 
 A survey conducted in 2017 reveals that most Italians had their first sexual intercourse between the age of 17 and 20. More specifically, about 40 percent of people declared they had sex for the first time in that age range. Approximately 23 percent of young adults had their first sexual intercourse in their early 20s. Hence this age range being the second most common age to have intercourse in Italy. Sexual frequency and number of sexual partners in Italy Further surveys about sexual life of Italians give us insight on the frequency of intercourse and the number of sexual partners. In 2019, 33 percent of Italians stated that they usually had sex two to three times a week. Furthermore, the number of sexual partners Italian people had during their lifetime differed between men and women. The majority of Italian women declared to have had only one sexual partner, while most men said they had sex with more than ten partners. Sexual education in schools In 2018, schools represented the main place in which young people received sexual education. Almost all secondary school students nationwide discussed the topic in a meeting or a course which took place at school. For that matter, students wished to receive information about sexuality and reproduction within the school yet from external professionals. However, only 22 percent of scholars preferred their teachers to talk about sexuality. 
 The global organic chocolate market was projected to grow in size from 734 million U.S. dollars to 886 million U.S. dollars between 2012 and 2018. As such, organic chocolate seems to have increased in popularity in recent years. Organic Chocolate Candy A bar of organic chocolate may seem indistinguishable from a bar of regular chocolate; the biggest difference between the two is that organic chocolate is made from cocoa beans grown without the use of synthetic pesticides or herbicides, as well as with organic sugar and milk. In the United States, organic chocolate confectionary makes up the majority of the organic confectionary market, with retail sales of about 261 million U.S. dollars in 2017. Global Cocoa Production A large share of the world’s chocolate production is attributed to two African countries: Côte d'Ivoire, also known as Ivory Coast, and Ghana. In the 2017/2018 crop year, Ivory Coast’s cocoa bean production reached two million metric tons, while the cocoa bean production volume in Ghana amounted to 880 thousand metric tons in that time period. The leading processor of cocoa beans is the Netherlands. In 2018/2019, the Netherlands processed 600 thousand tons of cocoa beans. 
 This statistic depicts the price of a premium pack of 20 cigarettes across selected European countries in 2017. The price of cigarettes is substantially different across Europe. As of 2017, the most expensive country in which to purchase cigarettes was the United Kingdom (UK) with a premium pack of 20 cigarettes retailing at 9.91 British pounds, followed by Ireland at 9.15 British pounds. Cigarette prices in Europe are driven by the respective taxes imposed within each of the member states and consist of a specific duty per 1,000 cigarettes and an ad valorem rate onto the recommended retail price, in addition to value added tax (VAT). Thus the highest rates of taxation are reflected in the retail prices. Similar rates of taxation between countries are also found for hand rolling tobacco, where the highest levels of taxation are found in the United Kingdom once again. Governments that impose such strong barriers to the purchasing of tobacco are considered 'nanny states', with high levels of control on other factors, such as advertising, bans of tobacco products on retail displays and graphic warnings on cigarette packs. 
 In 2018, it was estimated that around 168 per 10,000 children in the United States had autism spectrum disorder, one of the highest prevalence rates in the world. Autism spectrum disorder (ASD) includes a variety of disorders. The “spectrum” denotes the range of symptoms as well as their severity. Symptoms can include difficulties with speech, social communication and interaction, repetitive behavior, sensory issues, and hypersensitivity to stimuli. In the United States Autism spectrum disorder is more common among boys than girls. In the U.S., around 3.63 percent of boys aged 3 to 17 years had autism spectrum disorder compared to 1.25 percent of girls. In the United States, autism spectrum disorder is more common among non-Hispanic white children than other ethnicities. According to the most recent available data, the Northeast region had the highest rate of autism spectrum disorder in the U.S., with around 3 percent. Living with autism spectrum disorder It is unclear what causes autism spectrum disorder and there is no cure. Therapy can help children with autism spectrum disorder develop social, communication and self-care skills that can help them better live with their disorder. Many children with autism spectrum disorder also suffer from other disorders such as attention deficit hyper activity disorder, a learning disability, or an intellectual disability. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of employees of the banking sector in London, the United Kingdom (UK) from 2007 to 2014, with the provisional results for employment as of June 2015. According to the source, a survey of members was conducted on the subject of employment trends in 2014, with companies in the area of financial and professional services with roughly 100,000 employees responding. In 2014, there were 144 thousand people employed in the banking sector in the capital of the United Kingdom, one of the leading financial centers worldwide. It constituted an overall increase of 3.7 thousand employees in comparison to 2007. As of June 2015, the provisional figure had decreased slightly to a total of 143.6 thousand banking sector employees in London. This decreasing trend in the total number of banking sector employees in the capital between 2011 and 2015 is similar to the overall trend in the total number of employees in the banking sector for the whole of Great Britain during that time. 
 In 2017, 87.27 percent of individuals in the United States accessed the internet, up from 71 percent in 2009. The United States are one of the biggest online markets worldwide and in 2018, there were more than 312 million internet users in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the birth rate by the educational attainment of the child's mother in the United States in 2018. In 2018, 54 children were born per 1,000 women who held a Bachelor's degree and 62 children were born per 1,000 women with a graduate or professional degree. 
 This statistic shows the total number of live births in the Netherlands from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, approximately 169,000 babies were born alive in the Netherlands. In the same period, the number of stillborn children in the Netherlands decreased, as can be seen in this statistic. In the past ten years, the number of stillborn children decreased by approximately 500. For a more detailed look at the newborn babies, this statistic divides the number of live born children in the Netherlands in the last ten years by gender. It shows that in the past few years more boys than girls were born in the Netherlands. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Latin America and the Caribbean from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Latin America and the Caribbean amounted to about 6.21 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic depicts the net sales of General Mills worldwide from 2014 to 2019. According to the report, the company's global net sales amounted to approximately 16.86 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the total number of residents who have never married in Canada in 2018, distinguished by age group. In 2018, 656 people aged 100 and over were single in Canada. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for sugar from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for sugar stood at 0.28 nominal U.S. dollars per kilogram. 
 This statistic shows the main industries of the small and medium enterprises (SMEs) in Germany as of April 2018. Of responding businesses, 15 percent were in the retail or wholesale industry. 
 This statistic shows a ranking of the leading pets owned by households in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2018 and 2019, based on running totals sourced over two years. The most popular individual pet owned in the United Kingdom is the dog, with 25 percent of people owning one. In total, 40 percent of the UK population own a pet . Over 90 percent of pet owners in the UK say that owning a pet makes them feel happy and 88 percent feel that pet ownership improves their overall quality of life. With such as high ownership of pets in the United Kingdom, this leads the path for retailers in a growing and dynamic market. Pet food has a key role to play, with dog and cat food alone estimated at 2.5 billion British pounds in 2017. 
 Worldwide industrial robot shipments increased by one percent from about 382,000 in 2017 to around 384,000 in 2018. Global spending on industrial robots is projected to exceed 24 billion U.S. dollars by 2025. Leading markets Japan, China, the United States, South Korea, and Germany are counted among the five leading industrial robot markets worldwide. In emerging manufacturing markets, the growth trend is largely driven by rising wages that make the use of machines appear a viable alternative to human labor. Leading applications for industrial robots Industrial robots can be deployed for a wide range of tasks in a growing number of industries. Although the highly automated car manufacturing sector remains the largest area of application for electro-mechanical machines, industrial robots are continuously making their way into other areas such as the food and beverages industry. It has to be noted that the field of robotics is a part of another industry: the automation market. This industry is comprised of a variety of products and services, including relays, switches, sensors and drives, machine vision and control systems, as well as industry software development and services. Conglomerates like Siemens, Mitsubishi Electric or General Electric are the major vendors of industrial automation and industry software. The key players in the industrial robot market include ABB, KUKA, Fanuc, Kawasaki, and Yaskawa. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Germany from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Germany was at approximately 3.2 percent. 
 This statistic gives information on the distribution of Twitter users in the United States as of January 2020, sorted by gender. During the measured period, 43.8 percent of U.S. Twitter audiences were female and 56.2 percent were male. 
 This statistic shows the average revenue per available room (RevPAR) of Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc. globally from 2014 to 2019. The average revenue per available room of Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc. hotels was 40.92 U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of worldwide visitors to Google.com in November 2018, sorted by country. It was found that 2.8 percent of global Google.com visitors were from Brazil, whereas approximately one quarter of visitors to the search platform came from the United States. 
 This statistic shows the number of deaths resulting from the world's major mudslides from 1900 to 2016*. The mudslide in Honduras in 1973 claimed 2,800 lives. Natural disasters Natural disasters, such as earthquakes, volcanic eruption, tsunamis, floods, tornados or mudslides affect people worldwide. Mudslides typically occur during periods of heavy rainfall or rapid snowmelt and basically appear in regions which are likely to have monsoon storm. The number of people affected by major mudslides worldwide stood at 4,000,000 due to the mudslide in Brazil in January 11, 1966. Compared to Brazil, India counted 2,500,000 affected people in July, 1986. Earthquakes are typically caused by the movement of the earth crusts, these movements cause vibrations which pass through and around the world. Earthquakes often destroy the homes of many people and cause a lot of casualties. The global number of death due to earthquakes varies from year to year. As a result of earthquakes, 320,120 people died worldwide in 2010 and about 768 people died in 2012. Tropical cyclones are a rotating system of clouds and thunderstorm and although there are tropical cyclone warning systems the tropical cyclone in the Philippines was the natural disaster with the most fatalities in 2012, 1,901 people lost their lives due to the tropical cyclone. It is always a big tragedy when people are affected by natural disasters, 1,036,065 affected people were counted during the volcanic eruption in the Philippines in June 9, 1991. Most of the states which know about the volcanic activities in their countries have an evacuation plan trying to safe peoples lives. In some cases it is difficult for the people to follow authorities’ instructions caused by unforeseen situations and it comes to high number of casualties like in the volcanic eruption in Ecuador in August 14, 2006. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey that asked British adults which types of tea, if any, they ever drink in Great Britain (GB) in 2014. English breakfast tea ranked highest with a 52 percent share of respondents, followed by Green tea (23 percent) and Earl Grey (22 percent). A majority of British consumers drink tea on a daily basis, with earlier times in the day the peak period for tea drinking. Tea can be drank with milk as 'white' or without as 'black', of which both methods are almost equally popular. Levels of consumption, however, are on the decline as the United Kingdom moves closer to becoming a nation of coffee drinkers rather than tea drinkers, as seen in the rising value of the market for hot drinks. Other tea types, such as fruit and herbal teas, are also gaining ground as consumers seek the health and wellness benefits of such products. 
 This statistic shows the monthly price index of rice (average for all rice varieties) from January 2016 to November 2019. In May 2017, the rice price index amounted to 202. 
How many concurrent players does PUBG have? First released at the start of 2017, PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG) is one of the most popular games on Steam and had a peak of over 645 thousand concurrent players in the last recorded month, January 2020. The highest number of concurrent players was recorded in January 2018 at 3.24 million. One of the biggest games on Steam PUBG gained a devoted legion of fans in a short space of time after its release and cumulative unit sales of the game hit 50 million in June 2018. The game has also been critically acclaimed - it won the Best Multiplayer Game at The Game Awards in 2017 and its free-to-play mobile version for Android and iOS, released in 2018, was nominated for Best Mobile Game at The 2018 Game Awards. This critical success has also translated into commercial success as the game generated millions of U.S. dollars of revenue, most successfully in the United States. Battle of the Battle Royale games PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds is an online battle royale game in which up to 100 hundred players battle it out until there is only one player or one team left standing. This format of game has become very popular in recent years and the genre’s premium console revenue is forecast to reach almost seven billion U.S. dollars in 2019. While PUBG has a strong following, especially on Steam, it has come under pressure from rival battle royale game, Fortnite. First released just several months after PUBG, Fortnite has since become a cultural phenomenon, amassing 250 million registered users in just two years. Will PUBG be able to keep up with Fortnite’s staggering growth or will it fall away to leave Fortnite as the last man standing? 
 The total contribution of travel and tourism to South Korea’s GDP amounted to around 81 trillion South Korean won in 2017. This number includes direct, indirect, as well as induced contributions. The value decreased in 2017 due to the decrease in visitor arrivals that year. Importance of tourists from Mainland China After a peak in 2016, the number of visitors from Mainland China to South Korea plunged the following year, due to political tension between the two countries. The tensions led to Beijing ordering travel companies to stop selling group tours to South Korea. Since Chinese tourists made up for almost half of all visitor arrivals to South Korea, this had a notable impact on the otherwise steadily growing tourism industry. The number of visitors from Mainland China started to grow again in 2018. Hallyu boosts the industry Hallyu, also known as the “Korean wave” is a common term referring to the South Korean popular culture, including music, TV shows, and movies. With South Korean popular culture gaining popularity around the globe, the number of visitors to the countries grows as well. For example, after the TV drama Winter Sonata gained popularity overseas in 2002, the number of foreign visitors to its rural filming location Nami Island started to grow. The drama is widely considered to be the start of Hallyu throughout worldwide. Another example is the Korean pop boy band BTS, which is currently considered as the biggest boy band in the world. In 2018, the Seoul Metropolitan Government gave credit to the band for boosting the tourism industry. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Detroit Lions from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Detroit Lions was 61,342. 
 As of 23rd January 2020, Robin Van Persie is the all-time leader in goals scored for the national football team of the Netherlands with a total of 50 goals scored, followed by Klaas Jan Huntelaar with 42 goals and Patrick Kluivert with 40 goals. Not competing at World Cup 2018 After the Netherlands came in third place at the 2014 World Cup in Brazil, it came as a disappointing surprise to many when the team did not qualify for the 2018 World Cup in Russia. As a result 33 percent of Dutch people responded they would not watch any of the games when asked in a survey. Only seven percent said they would be watching all the games. Robin Van Persie most popular athlete in Instagram As of July 2018, the leading goal scorer of the national team Robin Van Persie was the most followed athlete from the Netherlands on Instagram with approximately 4.44 million followers at the time. He was closely followed by Memphis Depay with 4.31 million followers, also a player for the Netherlands, who had scored 16 goals for the Netherlands at the time and Wesley Sneijder, yet another player for the national team with close to two million followers and 31 goals scored. 
 Mortgage interest rates in Italy decreased by half between the first quarter of 2013 and the second quarter of 2019. Over the period under consideration, the highest interest rate was found in the first and third quarters of 2013, when the value recorded was 3.68 percent. After the third quarter of 2013, mortgage interest rates experienced a steady decrease, reaching a value of 1.77 percent as of the second quarter of 2019, which represented the lowest interest rate during the period considered. A slowly recovering marketHomeownership in Italy reached 72.4 percent in 2017, one of the highest rates in Western Europe. Low interest rates, especially when compared to other European countries, and decreasing house prices led to a renewed interest in the real estate market in Italy. Despite not reaching the pre-crisis levels, an increase in the number of transactions in the residential real estate market as well as the volume of mortgages stipulated for house purchase indicate a positive trend for the sector in Italy. Milan, an attractive destination for investments In recent years more than in the past, thanks to its role as a capital of business and finance as well as an innovation hub, Milan was able to attract human capital and investments, both domestic and foreign. This ability to grow and innovate was also reflected in the real estate market, which was the most dynamic in the country. Transactions in residential real estate in Milan increased steadily since 2012 and so did prices: some areas of the city are among the most expensive in the country to buy a property. 
 This statistic displays the results of a survey on the share of individuals in Great Britain who purchased tickets for events online in 2019, by age and gender. The survey was conducted via interviews and gathered data from 1,800 households, a nationally representative sample of households in Great Britain. Households were sampled each month and estimates are subject to sampling variability. Purchasing event tickets online was most common among the 25 to 34 year old demographics, with 57 percent of individuals within this group having made event ticket purchases online in 2019. The total revenue from event tickets in the eServices market in the United Kingdom (UK) was forecast to reach a value of approximately 4.2 billion U.S. dollars by 2020, of which, when broken down by segment, 1.7 billion comes from cinema tickets, 1.2 billion from music events and 1.2 billion from sport events. When compared to other countries, the event ticket revenue in the eServices market in the UK is higher than that of France and Germany, yet only a fraction of the revenue in the United States. 
 Singaporeans consumed on average around two liters of alcohol each in 2016, which was among the lowest in Asia-Pacific. This was partly due to the heavy taxation of alcoholic beverages in Singapore. Even so, health officials were concerned about a rise in unhealthy drinking habits among the young. Too expensive to get drunk? Averaging at around 24 U.S. dollars for a bottle of table wine and eight U.S. dollars for a pint of beer, Singapore is one of the most expensive cities worldwide for consuming alcohol. It was probably unsurprising that the country had one of the lowest alcohol consumption rates in Asia-Pacific. Drinking your money’s worth Despite the high prices, many Singaporeans were still able to afford alcoholic beverages, and bars and pubs frequently offer happy hour and all-you-can-drink specials, or “liquid buffets”, to attract patrons. Wednesdays in Singapore are synonymous with Ladies’ Night, where bars all over the city offer special deals to attract female customers, mostly in the form of free-flow drinks. To put it in perspective, Singaporean females consume around three times less alcohol than their male counterparts. Such deals, however, can be seen to encourage binge drinking, especially among the younger drinkers, for whom alcohol would be an expensive indulgence. 
 After almost dropping below 70 percent in 2011, the annual employment rate in the United Kingdom started to climb at a relatively fast pace, reaching 76. 2 per cent in 2019. The first quarterly data available for 2019 showed that this positive trend has continued, with the employment rate reaching 76.1 percent, the highest it has been since records began in 1971. Over 31 million workers in 2018 The high employment rate has resulted in record levels of employed people in the United Kingdom, at approximately 31.2 million in 2018. In comparison with 2014 when there has been a net increase of over 1 million people in employment. Despite the ambiguity surrounding the Brexit process, it appears many British businesses are continuing to hire and invest in their workforce. Still over a million unemployed Although the number of unemployed people has fallen in recent years, there were still around 1.3 million without jobs as of March 2019. For the whole country this amounts to an unemployment rate of 3.8 percent, with the North East of England and the West Midlands having the worst regional unemployment rates at 5.4 and 5.1 percent respectively. 
 As of 2018 there were approximately 158,000 employees and contractors globally working for Glencore. This is a significant decrease from 2013 when there were about 204,000 employees working for the multinational commodity trading and mining company. Despite decreasing employment numbers, Glencore remains the second largest mining company worldwide based on employment. Glencore Company Overview Glencore is a natural resource company with mining, metallurgical, oil production and agricultural facilities globally. Glencore plc was newly formed in May 2013 through a merger of Glencore with Xstrata. Glencore is both British and Swiss, but is headquartered in Baar, Switzerland and has operations in over 50 countries globally. As of 2018 Glencore was among the leading mining companies worldwide based on market capitalization. Glencore was also the leading mining company in the world based on revenue in that year. Glencore is a leading global producer of several commodities. This includes nickel, silver, platinum, and copper, among others. 
 This statistic illustrates the average market risk premium used in Italy from 2011 to 2018. It can be seen that the average market risk premium (MRP) fluctuated during this time with an overall increase, reaching a value of 6.1 percent as of 2018. 
 This statistic shows the membership figures of social network Xing from the fourth quarter of 2006 to the fourth quarter of 2013. During the second quarter of 2013, the business professionals social network had 13.46 million members. 
 This statistic shows the Brent crude oil price from 1976 to 2020. In 2020, the average price of Brent crude oil stood at 63.82 U.S. dollars per barrel. Brent is the world's leading price benchmark for Atlantic basin crude oils. The price of crude oil is closely observed as it influences costs across all stages of the production process and consequently alters the price of consumer goods as well. Crude oil benchmarks In 2019, the Brent crude oil prices totaled an average of 64.36 U.S. dollars per barrel, down significantly from the 2014 average price of 99 U.S. dollars per barrel. To put the 2019 figure in context, however, it was a considerable increase from the 2001 average, at 24.45 U.S. dollars per barrel. Brent Crude is considered a classification of sweet light crude oil and acts as a benchmark price for oil around the world. It is considered a sweet light crude oil due to its low sulfur content and a low density. This oil originates in the North Sea and is comprised of several different oil blends including Brent Blend and Ekofisk crude. Often, this crude oil is refined in Northwest Europe. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) oil prices totaled 25.9 U.S. dollars per barrel in 2001 and rose to 93.25 U.S. dollars per barrel in 2014, before decreasing significantly to 43.15 U.S. dollars per barrel in 2016. The WTI is another type of sweet light oil and is often referenced alongside of UK Brent. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Hong Kong in 2017 and 2018, with projections up until 2023. In 2018, the number of Facebook users in Hong Kong amounted to around 4.4 million and was forecasted to grow up to 4.7 million by 2023. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate of the Netherlands from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in the Netherlands was around 3.76 percent. 
 This statistic shows an estimate of the global eSports market share as of 2019, by region. During this year, it was projected that the eSports market in China would hold a 19 percent share of the entire market. eSports industry statistics – additional information The entire eSports industry is expected to grow over the coming years, with worldwide revenues projected to reach 1.79 billion U.S. dollars in 2022. eSports is no longer just a form of entertainment, it is becoming a profession for many players. Gamers around the world are enticed to compete in numerous tournaments and championships by the promise of a sizeable profit. In 2017, the combined annual eSports prize pools worldwide amounted to 121.1 million U.S. dollars. However, according to 2019 data, merchandise and tickets account for only a fraction of the eSports market revenue. The majority of the global revenue the industry generates comes from sponsorships. In fact, it is estimated that in 2020, brands will spend approximately 1.2 billion U.S. dollars on eSports sponsorships and advertising, up from 517 million that is projected for 2017. All in all, awareness of eSports is growing year on year. It was calculated that in 2015 some 809 million people knew of the term and its connotations. In 2019, it is expected that more than 1.57 billion people around the world will be aware of eSports’ existence. eSports fans around the globe watched a total of 2.4 billion hours of eSports video content in 2013, and sources predict that this figure will grow to 6.6 billion hours in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the percentage of wives who earn more than their husbands in married couple households in the United States from 1990 to 2012. In 2012, 29 percent of family households in which both wives and husbands have earnings, the wife had a higher income than her husband. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Los Angeles Clippers franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 2.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of tourist arrivals at accommodation establishments in Hungary from 2006 to 2017. Over this period arrivals of both domestic and international tourists in accommodation establishments in Hungary has increased, reaching around 12.5 million in 2017. 
 In 2019, the contribution of travel and tourism to the Italian gross domestic product amounted to 237.8 billion euros. The industry, which is one of the most important ones for the country’s economy, constituted about 13.3 percent of the Italian GDP in the year considered and is predicted to reach 14.3 percent in 2029. In search of the Italian dolce vita Every year more and more international visitors come to Italy to discover the real Italian dolce vita – breathtaking landscapes, rich history, great art, interesting culture and delectable cuisine. Between 2013 and 2018, the country registered an increase in the number of international tourist arrivals of roughly fifteen million visitors. International visitors’ spending higher every year In 2018, Italy ranked tenth on the world list of countries with the largest international tourism expenditure. Furthermore, since 2014 the expenditure of inbound visitors has been constantly growing and is predicted to reach 57.9 billion euros in 2029. 
 The price of solar photovoltaic modules in the United States has seen a fairly consistent decrease over the last few years. In Q3 2019, module prices averaged 0.31 U.S. dollars per watt, in comparison to 0.63 U.S. dollars per watt in Q1 2016. Solar system pricing has fallen in all markets, including residential, non-residential, and utility markets. The decline is largely due to declining hardware costs, primarily from lower module prices. The oversupply of modules due to decreasing demand from China lowered module prices; in turn, this has helped to alleviate the tariffs that were implemented on Chinese module exports to the United States. Solar price variations Prices of solar photovoltaics are consistently low in the United States, in comparison to many other countries. The price of solar can also vary within each U.S. state, mostly due to the cost of electricity. The components that are used in solar energy systems may also impact the price of solar photovoltaics. Falling global demand, high supply levels, and the resulting bidding competition have also pushed prices lower. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Argentina from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Argentina amounted to approximately 44.56 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the monthly number of job openings in the United States from December 2018 to December 2019. The data are seasonally adjusted. There were about 6.42 million job openings on the last business day of December 2019. 
 The statistic shows the average player salary of the teams in the Chinese Football Super League (CSL) in 2019. Shanghai SIPG had an average player salary of 2.29 million U.S. dollars for the 2019 season. 
 In 2017, the poverty headcount ratio at 3.20 U.S. dollars a day in Brazil amounted to 9.6 percent, which means that almost 10 percent of the Brazilian population was living on less than 3.20 U.S. dollars per day. The poverty rate has increased since 2014, when the headcount ratio was below seven percent. 
 This statistic illustrates the annual amount of municipal solid waste generated between 1960 and 2017 in the United States. In 2017, approximately 267.8 million tons of municipal solid waste were generated here. 
 This graph shows the amount of revenue that Apple generated through sales of the iPod each quarter from the first quarter of 2006. In the first quarter of 2013, sales increased again compared to previous quarters and revenue from this product came to more than 2 billion U.S. dollars. As of the first quarter of 2014 however, revenue was down by more than half to 970 million U.S. dollars. Annual and quarterly iPod unit sales The Apple iPod - additional information The launch of the iPod digital portable music device in 2001 was a breakthrough for Apple and a revolutionary move for the consumer electronics market. The company had not had widespread success for some time, but the iPod paved the way for other innovative and extremely successful products, such as the iPhone, launched in 2007, and the iPad, released in 2010. The first version of the iPod had a 5 GB hard drive, which could be used for storing music, but could also serve as an external data storage device. iPod sales were slow at first, due to the device’s need for a Macintosh computer and its iTunes software. However, the company continued to update the product, adding newer versions, such as the iPod Shuffle, iPod Nano and iPod Touch, with improved design, features and hard drive capacity. By its 2006 fiscal year, Apple iPod sales reached 40 million units worldwide. Sales peaked in Apple’s first financial quarter of 2009, when over 22 million iPods were sold worldwide. At that point, iPod sales accounted for over 28 percent of Apple's total revenue, but only five years later, this share had decreased to less than one percent. This decline in iPod revenue is in part due to the launch of the iPhone and other smartphones, which made having a music player redundant, due to the integrated music-playing features of a new generation of mobile phones. In 2009, two years after the launch of the iPhone, the iPod was still the more successful of the two in regards to unit sales. Nevertheless, by the fourth quarter of 2014, iPhone sales had increased to almost 40 million units, while only 2.5 million iPods were sold. Starting the following fiscal year, Apple stopped reporting iPod sales as a separate segment in its financial reports. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The U.S. per capita consumption of high fructose corn syrup amounted to 37.6 pounds in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Los Angeles Dodgers from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Los Angeles Dodgers was 49,065. • Los Angeles Dodgers total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 After entering Italy, Coronavirus (COVID-19) has been spreading fast. As of March 3, 2020, the total number of cases reported by the authorities exceed two thousand. The North of the country was mostly hit, and the region with the highest number of cases was Lombardy, which registered 1,520 of them. The neighboring regions of Veneto and Emilia-Romagna registered 307 and 420 cases respectively. Italy is currently the country with the third highest number of Coronavirus cases after China and South Korea. 
 This statistic shows the growth in jobs in the United States from 2017 to 2018, by state. In 2018, the state of Nevada was ranked first with the job growth of 3.4 percent. 
 This graph depicts the value of the New York Yankees franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 4.6 billion U.S. dollars. The New York Yankees are owned by the Steinbrenner Family, who bought them in 1973 for 8.8 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditures of consumer units in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the average annual expenditures of consumer units totaled to 61,224 U.S. dollars 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Thailand from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Thailand's gross domestic product amounted to around 504.93 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the leading direct selling markets worldwide in 2018. In that year, the direct selling market in the United States generated 35.35 billion U.S. dollars in retail sales. 
 This timeline represents the motor vehicle production of BMW worldwide from 2006 through 2016. Globally, the manufacturer of automobiles and motorcycles produced a little over 2.3 million vehicles in 2016. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh tomatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh tomatoes amounted to 20.6 pounds in 2018. 
 The circulation of the men's lifestyle and entertainment magazine Playboy has dropped significantly in recent years, falling to just over 200 thousand in 2018 from 1.2 million five years earlier. The magazine reported its highest global circulation in 1975, when an average issue sold 5.6 million copies. Playboy circulation numbers – additional information Founded in 1953 by the late Hugh Hefner, Playboy is a men’s lifestyle and entertainment magazine. Playboy started in Chicago, and is now published in more than 50 countries. The first foreign edition was launched in Germany in 1972. In 2018, Playboy magazine reached around 740 thousand readers per issue in Germany. The magazine’s logo, which is a silhouette of a rabbit in a tuxedo bow tie, is one of the most recognizable trademarks in the world. Thanks to its strong brand and reputation over the years, Playboy frequently used to feature in a ranking of leading magazines on social media, however the publication's dwindling popularity saw the brand drop off the list. As of March 2016, about 16.82 million people liked Playboy’s page on Facebook, and had 4.6 million Instagram followers, but since then has been overtaken by Vogue, GQ and Vanity Fair amongst others. Cooper Hefner (son of Hugh Hefner) has made multiple attempts to redefine, rebrand and restyle the publication during his time as chief creative officer, including removing nudity from the magazine and then deciding to include it again shortly afterwards. Despite his efforts, it seems unlikely that Playboy will ever successfully regain the influence or popularity it enjoyed in the 1970s, however the brand itself will likely live on in consumer's memories young and old for many years to come. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide salt production from 1975 to 2019. In 2019, worldwide production of salt amounted to some 293 million metric tons. In that year, China was the leading salt producer worldwide with the production of 60 million tons. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of internet users in the United States who use e-mail as of November 2017, sorted by age group. As of the measured period, over 91 percent of 15 to 24 year old U.S. internet users accessed online mail. 
 In 2018, the growth in real gross domestic product (GDP) in China amounted to about 6.6 percent. Forecasts until 2024 by the IMF expect declining growth rates in the coming years. Real GDP growth The current gross domestic product is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. It refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. When analyzing year-on-year changes, the current GDP is adjusted for inflation, thus making it constant. Real GDP growth is regarded as a key indicator for economic growth as it incorporates constant GDP figures. As of 2019, China was among the leading countries with the largest gross domestic product worldwide, second only to the United States which had a GDP volume of almost 21.5 trillion U.S. dollars. The Chinese GDP has shown remarkable growth over the past years. Upon closer examination of the distribution of GDP across economic sectors, a gradual shift from an economy heavily based on industrial production towards an economy focused on services becomes visible, with the service industry outpacing the manufacturing sector in terms of GDP contribution. Key indicator balance of trade Another important indicator for economic assessment is the balance of trade, which measures the relationship between imports and exports of a nation. As an economy heavily reliant on manufacturing and industrial production, China has reached a trade surplus over the last decade, with a total trade balance of around 351 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the global market size of the wellness industry in 2015 and 2017. In 2017, the global wellness industry was worth 4.2 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Kenya from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Kenya's gross domestic product amounted to around 87.93 billion U.S. dollars. 
 Monday Night Football averaged 12.6 million viewers in the United States during the 2019 NFL season, an increase of around one million on the previous year. Although viewing figures have increased, they are still down on the 12.9 million viewers in 2015. Sunday, Monday, happy nights The NFL has prime-time games that are broadcast across the entire United States by one major network on Thursday night, Sunday night, and Monday night – these games start at around 8:30 pm Eastern Time. As with Monday Night Football, the average number of viewers of Thursday Night Football also increased during the 2019 NFL season, and Sunday Night Football is the most viewed television show in the United States. TV networks pay top dollar The NFL generates an estimated five billion U.S. dollars per year from broadcasting rights deals, a figure that has increased significantly over the years. In 2011, the sports channel ESPN agreed on an eight-year deal with the NFL – at a total cost of 15.2 billion U.S. dollars – ensuring the network has the rights to show Monday Night Football until at least 2021. 
 This statistic shows the total sugar stocks worldwide from 2009/2010 to 2018/2019 with a forecast for 2019/2020. In 2018/2019, approximately 50.9 million metric tons of sugar were in stock worldwide. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Buffalo Bills games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 71.08 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows emigration from Sweden over the years from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, 47,718 individuals emigrated from Sweden, whereas about 116 thousand people immigrated to Swedenin the same year. 
 The graph shows the global distribution of Baidu visitors in the three months prior to December 2019. During this period of time, approximately 92.3 percent of visits to the search engine originated from China. Japan was ranked second with 2.6 percent of visitors. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of Ethiopia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of Ethiopia amounted to around 43.97 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in camping in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in camping amounted to approximately 41.67 million. Camping Camping is a popular recreational activity with more than 40 million people partaking in camping activities in the United States each year. This includes people camping with cars and tents, as well as recreational vehicles and backyard camping. Approximately 26 percent of campers (10.56 million participants) were children and adolescents aged between 6 and 17 years. Young adult participants (18 to 24 years) made up about 11.2 percent of all participants. According to the National Sporting Goods Association, consumer spending on camping equipment in the United States was forecasted to reach approximately 1.69 billion U.S. dollars in 2015, while the Outdoor Foundation reported that camping equipment sales in the U.S. totaled 1.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2011. The Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association meanwhile stated in its annual Manufacturers Sales by Category Report that camping equipment wholesale sales had a total value of about 2.2.66 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The reported figures vary depending on what kind of products and segments the sources include in their estimations. For 2018, the Recreational Vehicle Industry Association estimates that around 480 thousand recreational vehicles (e.g. travel trailers, fifth wheel trailers, folding camp trailers, truck campers, motorhomes) will be sold (wholesale shipments) in the United States. The U.S. recreational vehicle park industry is forecasted to generate almost five billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2015. It is projected that by 2015 there will be around 13,800 establishments in the U.S. RV park industry with total employment reaching 45,700. Other outdoor activities such as hunting / wildlife viewing and recreational fishing / boating are also popular outdoor activities. Visitation of national / public parks is also often combined with one or more of the activities mentioned above. 
 The national team of Brazil has won the most soccer World Cup titles of all time with five, winning the tournament in 1958, 1962, 1970, 1994 and, most recently, in 2002. Didier Deschamps’ double success The most recent World Cup, which was hosted by Russia in 2018, was won by France. The team, coached by Didier Deschamps, won the final 4-2 against Croatia. This marked a double success for the national team coach as he was part of the France squad that won the country’s first ever World Cup in 1998. The 2018 victory for France was not a complete surprise as the French squad boasted the highest market value of all the teams at the World Cup, with a total value of around 1.08 billion euros. Brazil’s dominance beginning to fade? Despite being the most successful nation in the history of the World Cup, Brazil’s national team has struggled in recent tournaments. Despite the team being full of superstars such as Neymar and Philippe Coutinho, the Brazilians were knocked out by Belgium in the quarter-finals in 2018. There were high hopes for the Brazilian team at their home World Cup in 2014 and they seemed destined for glory as they made their way through to the semi-finals. However, in one of the most memorable games in World Cup history, the home team were unceremoniously dumped out by the Germans, who beat them 7-1, before going on to claim the trophy against France in the final. This tournament marked the end of a glittering World Cup career for Germany’s Miroslav Klose, who is the all-time leading goal scorer at the World Cup. He scored his sixteenth and record-breaking goal in Germany's semi-final matchup with Brazil at the 2014 World Cup. 
 This statistic presents the most popular smartphone activities in India as of January 2018. During a survey, it was found that 21 percent of the respondents visited a social network, while 16 percent watched videos. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Trinidad and Tobago from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Trinidad and Tobago was at approximately 2.81 percent. 
 This statistic depicts the per capita consumption of fresh pineapples in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh pineapples amounted to approximately 7.8 pounds in 2018. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Morocco from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Morocco's gross domestic product amounted to around 118.53 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cincinnati Reds games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 21.14 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the St. Louis Cardinals from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 356 million U.S. dollars.The St. Louis Cardinals are owned by William DeWittJr., who bought the franchise for 150 million U.S. dollars in 1996. 
 This statistic depicts the countries with the highest physicians density average worldwide for the period 2007-2016. In that period, Cuba was the country with the highest number of physicians in relation to its population. There were 7.5 physicians per every 1,000 of Cuba's population. 
 This statistic shows the preferred payment method for online shopping according to internet users in the United States in 2018. During the survey period, it was found that 32 percent of respondents most frequently used a debit card to pay for online purchases. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Brunei Darussalam from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the estimated unemployment rate in Brunei Darussalam was at approximately 9.25 percent. 
 This statistic shows the growth rate of the global big data market from 2012 to 2027. The big data market is forecast to grow by 20 percent in 2018, reaching 42 billion U.S. dollars in size. 
 Royal Dutch Shell’s number of shares amounted to nearly 8.3 billion in 2018. This is a large increase from the number of shares available in 2008; which equaled about 6.2 billion shares. Shell is one of the leading oil and gas companies worldwide. It is headquartered in the Hague, Netherlands. Royal Dutch Shell Company Overview Royal Dutch Shell, also known as Shell, is a group of chemical and petrochemical companies. Their businesses deal with the extraction of crude oil and natural gas as well as the refining and production of oils and gasses. While Shell’s revenue has been variable over the years, in recent years there has been a significant increase in revenue for the company. As of 2018 the largest share of Shell’s revenue came from Asia, Oceania and Africa, followed by Europe. Shell’s Environmental Impact Shell, like many oil companies, does not have a clean track record when it comes to oil spills and environmental impact. In 2008 Shell was responsible for an oil spill in the Niger delta that affected over 69,000 people and horribly damaged the natural landscape and wildlife. The company has made efforts to reduce their environmental impact in some ways. Since the 2008 oil spill Shell has decreased the amount of oil released in operational spills, limiting their environmental impact. Likewise, the direct greenhouse gas emissions made by Shell have decreased over time. Additionally, the company’s global production of waste has also begun to decrease in recent years. 
 This graph shows the top 10 spoken languages other than English in the United States. In 2018, around 41.5 million people in the U.S. spoke Spanish at home. The distribution of the U.S. population by ethnicity can be accessed here. A ranking of the most spoken languages across the world can be accessed here. 
 Every four years, the Norwegian population entitled to vote goes to elect their parliament. In September 2017, there were roughly 3.77 million people aged at least 18 years who were registered as citizens of Norway. More than 78 percent of these voted in the last Norwegian parliamentary (Stortinget) election. Results of the 2017 parliamentary election The Norwegian parliament consists of 169 representatives from all 19 counties. It is the highest political body in the country. Its tasks include legislation and adopting the national budget, as well as monitoring the work of the government and the public administration. In the last election in 2017, the social-democratic party Arbeiderpartiet obtained the most votes. However, the conservative party Høyre and the progressive party Fremskrittspartiet formed a coalition led by Erna Solberg, the Prime Minister of Norway. Voting intentions And what can be expected for the next election, planned in September 2021? According to the latest surveys, the voting intentions do not entirely reflect the last election. If elections would take place tomorrow, The Progress Party would lose votes and thus, the centrist party (Senterpartiet) would now become the third party in Norway. 
 The statistic shows the average per game attendance at games of the English Premier League from the 2009/10 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the average attendance at the games was at 38,484. 
 The graph shows the population growth in China from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, annual population growth in China amounted to about 0.6 percent. Declining population growth in China Due to strict birth control measures by the Chinese government as well as changing family and work situations of the Chinese people, population growth has subsided over the past decades. In the last ten years, the annual population growth ranged at around 0.5 percent, although the gradual abolition of the one-child policy from 2014 on led to temporarily higher birth figures. As of 2017, leading countries in population growth could almost exclusively be found on the African continent and the Arabian Peninsula. Nevertheless, as of mid 2018, Asia ranked first by a wide margin among the continents in terms of absolute population. Future development of Chinese populationThe Chinese population will soon reach a maximum size and then begin to shrink gradually. However, the exact year for this turning point is unclear. Whereas IMF estimates see it coming in the first half of the 2020s, Chinese demographers expect a later date around 2030. As of 2018, China still ranked the world’s most populous country, but India followed closely and will soon take over. Apart from the receding population growth, a clear growth trend in Chinese cities is visible. By 2018, nearly 60 percent of Chinese people lived in urban areas, compared to less than 40 percent in 2002. 
 This statistic depicts the smartphone penetration as a share of the population in China from 2015 to 2018, with a forecast up to 2023. In 2018, around 50 percent of the population in China used a smartphone. 
 As of 23rd January 2020, Luigi Riva is the all time leader in goals scored for the international football team of Italy with a total of 35 goals scored, followed rather closely by Giuseppe Meazza with 33 goals. Meazza has passed away back in 1979 and Riva retired from the national already back in 1974 so these records are exceptionally old. Italy not at World Cup 2018 As Italy is generally a very prominent country for football and even part of the Big Five, which are the biggest football league market countries (England, Germany, Spain, Italy and France), it came as a surprise to many when Italy did not qualify for the World Cup 2018. Italy’s most attended match in 2018 was a 1:1 draw versus England on March 27th at Wembley with a total of 82,598 attendees. Coca-Cola and Adidas most prominent World Cup sponsors in Italy In a survey taken prior to the World Cup among internet users, 71 percent stated being aware of Coca-Cola as a World Cup sponsor, a third was aware of Hyundai and only one percent realized that Mengniu was a sponsor. The preferred device to watch the World Cup in Italy is the television with 61 percent of Italians watching it on TV, 12 percent watching on the internet and only five percent watching on mobile phone, tablet or listening on the radio. 
 In the period between 2014 and 2019, the wettest months tended to be at the start and ends of the year. The greatest measurement of rain recorded was in December 2015 when there was approximately 219 millimeters of rainfall. The lowest level was in September 2014, which experienced surprisingly minimal rain. Rainy days The UK is known for its wet weather, and in 2018 there were approximately 147 raindays. The greatest number of raindays over the last 30 years were recorded in the year 2000, at approximately 176. In that year, the UK received an average of 1,337 millimeters of rainfall. Climate change According to the Met Office, the climate in the UK has changed slightly from the period 1961-1990 to 2008-2017. The weather is getting warmer and wetter, and compared to the periods of 1961 to 1990, 2008 to 2017 experienced longer wet spells and fewer dry spells. A survey in 2018 with residents in the UK showed that 79 percent believed that increased flooding then or the future is caused by climate change. 
 Just five percent of houses in the United Kingdom (UK) were not heated using a central heating system, as of 2018. The share of houses using a central heating system climbed steadily until 2005, rising from 90 percent in the year 2000. 86 percent of properties use gas as the fuel for their central heating system. Energy used by heating Heating is a major energy user in the United Kingdom (UK). In 2017, the UK used an amount of energy equivalent to approximately 55 million metric tons of oil for heating and cooling. Solar energy used for electricity and heat generation in 2017 amounted to just over one million metric tons of oil equivalent. Heating oil price variations across Europe Despite the prominence of gas-fired central heating systems, Great Britain enjoys access to some of the cheapest average prices for heating oil in Europe, at 638.1 euros per 1,000 liters. This is slightly cheaper than the Republic of Ireland and Germany, and significantly cheaper than the 1,158 euros per thousand liters seen in Sweden or the 1,290 euros per thousand liters that Danish customers pay. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in New Zealand from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, New Zealand's real gross domestic product grew by around 2.81 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2019, PayPal's total payment volume amounted to more than 712 billion U.S. dollars, representing a 23 percent growth from 2018. In 2018, the payment provider's mobile payment volume amounted to 227 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average price for a full set of acrylic toenails in nail salons in the United States from 2011 to 2014. Nail salons charged an average price of 29.13 U.S. dollars for a full set of acrylic toenails in 2014. 
 This statistic illustrates the total supply of rice worldwide from 2000/2001 to 2018/2019, measured in million metric tons of milled equivalent. In 2018/2019, total global supply of rice amounted to about 738.75 million metric tons. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Sudan from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Sudan amounted to about 63.29 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average price for a full set of gels in nail salons in the United States from 2009 to 2019. Nail salons in the U.S. charged an average price of 51.29 U.S. dollars for the initial application of a full set of gel nails in 2019. 
 In the United Kingdom, the definition of suicide is a death with an underlying cause of intentional self-harm or an injury or poisoning with undetermined intent. In 2018, the suicide rate in the UK was 11.2 deaths per 100,000 population, the highest rate of suicide in the UK since 2000. Overall, the highest suicide rate was in the year 2000, when the rate was almost twelve deaths per 100,000. Vulnerable groups The suicide rate among men in the UK in 2018 was more than three times higher than for women, the figures being 17.2 per 100,000 population for men compared to 5.4 for women. Additionally, the age group with the highest rate of suicide was for those aged 45 to 49 years at 18.1 deaths per 100,000. Mental health in the UK Over 49.5 thousand people in England were detained under the Mental Health Act in the period 2017/18. Alongside this, there has been an increase in the number of workers in Great Britain suffering from stress, depression or anxiety. Resulting in almost 600 thousand workers reporting to be suffering from these work-related issues in 2017/18. 
 Since 1982, an astonishing 113 mass shootings have been carried out in the United States by male shooters. In contrast, only three mass shootings (defined by the source as a single attack in a public place in which four or more victims were killed) have been carried out by women. Gun ownership in the U.S. Possession of firearms in the United States is protected by the 2nd Amendment of the Constitution and has been a defining aspect of American civil liberties since the writing of the Bill of Rights. It is estimated that the United States has the highest rate of civilian-owned firearms in the world, and Americans continually poll against handgun restrictions. Mass shootings However, with high gun ownership comes high responsibility. The United States consistently faces numerous mass shootings each year, particularly in schools. The five deadliest mass shootings have all occurred since 2007, with the deadliest being the Las Vegas Strip massacre in 2017, which claimed the lives of 58 people and injured 546 more. 
 There were over 27.5 thousand marriages in Scotland during 2018, a decrease of around 900 marriages when compared with the previous year. Same sex marriage was legalized in Scotland on December 16, 2014 following the Marriage and Civil Partnership Act. Compared with 2000, there was a net decrease of around 2.77 thousand marriages by 2018. Almost half of Scots married In 2017, 47 percent of Scots were either married or in a civil partnership, with a further 36 percent of people being single. Divorced and widowed Scots both made up seven percent of the population each, while separated but still legally married Scots accounted for just two percent of the population in this year. For Scots who were married, 33 percent were aged between 45 and 59 with the next most common age group being those aged between 60 and 74 at 28 percent of married people. Divorces in Decline There were only 7.9 thousand divorces in Scotland in 2016/17, a net decrease of 5.8 thousand divorces than there were ten years earlier in 2006/07. Although that year saw a spike in the number of divorces, they declined in ever year since then, leading to the relatively few divorces seen in 2016/17. 
 During the year 2018, the most sold video game on the physical market was FIFA 19 for the PS4, accounting for about 945.2 thousand units sold. In second place came Red Dead Redemption 2, with sales amounting to roughly 691.9 units. Video game market in France In 2016, the French gaming market has known a peak, with its value amounting to 2.3 billion euros, before decreasing to 1.6 billion euros in 2018. However, it appears that the online consumption of video games had been taking off during the past years: 34 percent stated they used online gaming in 2018 as opposed to 21 percent of respondents who consumed video games on the Internet in 2011. Video games usage in France In France, the percentage of people who play a video game at least once on an average day was the highest within the age groups from 13 to 24 years old and 25 to 34 years old: in these groups, respectively 42 and 30 percent of the surveyed played video games. It should also be noted that the share of women playing video games was of 18 percent in a survey from 2018. Finally, according to Statista’s Global Consumer Survey from 2019, the consumption of video games among French was mainly on smartphone and PC or laptops, whilst playing on game consoles was a regular activity for 29 percent of the respondents. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of the countries with the largest Pinterest audiences worldwide as of January 2020. During the measured period, the United States were ranked first with an audience of 79.43 million users. 
 Telenor ASA ranked first as the leading telecom company in Norway, by turnover, as of May 2019. Its turnover was nearly 125 billion Norwegian kroner. Telenor Norge AS and Telia Norge AS came second and third in the ranking, with revenues of roughly 25 billion and nine billion Norwegian kroner. Telenor ASA was also first measured by net profit, which was nearly 22 billion Norwegian kroner. (ID 554665). Telenor revenues The average revenue per Telenor user (ARPU) was highest for fixed internet in 2018; it was 374 Norwegian kroner per month. The ARPU’s for TV and for mobile were 324 and 323 Norwegian kroner monthly, respectively. Fixed telephone users generated a monthly revenue of 235 Norwegian kroner that year. Telenor has most employees Another ranking that Telenor ASA headed that year was for leading telecom companies in Norway, by number of employees . The enterprise had 31 thousand employees. In contrast, Telenor Norge AS had around 3.7 thousand and Eltel Networks AS had 1.3 thousand. 
 This statistic presents information on the primary reasons for digital shoppers to abandon their carts in the United States as of November 2018. During the most recent survey period, 63 percent of respondents stated they had abandoned shopping carts due to the cost of shipping. 
 This statistic displays the gross domestic product (GDP) of the Netherlands from 2007 to 2017 (in billion euros, at current prices). It shows that between 2007 and 2017, the Dutch GDP from output increased from roughly 619 billion to 737 billion euros. According to a recent forecast, Dutch GDP will likely continuously increase in the next few years, with an increase of over three percent forecasted for 2017. When looking at the GDP per capita, a similar development is visible. In the last ten years, the GDP per capita increased from roughly 33,400 to 39,900 euros in the Netherlands, an increase of roughly 6,500 euros. A similar development can be seen in neighboring Belgium, which has a slightly lower GDP per capita, as shows this statistic. 
 This statistic shows the Gini's concentration coefficient in Taiwan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the Gini index in Taiwan was 33.8 points, around 0.7 percentage points lower than in 2009. In the countries having relative equality in their distributions of income, the value of the Gini coefficient usually ranges between the scores of 20 and 35. In comparison, the Gini index in China ranged around 46.8 points in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the monthly percentage change in personal consumption expenditure in the United States from January 2019 to January 2020. The data are in current U.S. dollars, seasonally adjusted at annual rates. According to the BEA, personal consumption expenditure are the goods and services purchased by persons. In January 2020, personal consumption expenditure increased by 0.2 percent in comparison with the previous month. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Switzerland from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2017, the GDP per capita in Switzerland amounted to around 80,763.57 U.S. dollars. By the way, nowadays, Switzerland is one of the countries with the largest GDP per capita. 
 The statistic shows the home ownership rate in selected European countries in 2018. The home ownership rate is the share of dwellings that were owner-occupied. The home ownership rate in the presented European countries extended from 51.5 percent in Germany to as much as 96.4 percent in Romania. More developed European countries, such as France or Germany, tended to have a lower home ownership rate compared to the frontier countries, such as Lithuania or Slovakia. The share of house owners among the population of all 28 European countries has remained relatively stable over the past few years, amounting to approximately 69 percent. Average cost of housing Across Europe, the average transaction price varies from country to country. The average transaction price per square meter in 2017 for a new dwelling was almost four times higher in the United Kingdom (UK) compared to the likes of Poland and Hungary. Housing completions With population numbers rising across Europe, the need for affordable housing continues. Across Europe, countries have built in some cases hundreds of thousands of homes annually to meet the growing demands. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Spain from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 80.32 percent of the total population in Spain lived in cities. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Bulgaria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Bulgaria's gross domestic product had amounted to around 65.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The amount of fuel used to generate electricity depends on the efficiency of the power plant and the heat content of the fuel. Heat rate measures the efficiency of a generator or power plant and is based on the amount of energy used to generate one kilowatt of electricity. Heat rates (power plant efficiencies) depend on generator type, power plant emission controls, and some other factors. One metric ton of coal can generate 1,927 kilowatt hours of electricity, in comparison to 1,000 cubic feet of natural gas which can generate 99 kilowatt hours. U.S. power plants The largest power plant in the United States is the hydroelectric power plant, Grand Coulee, located in Washington. It has a summer capacity of 7.08 gigawatts. Power plant costs can also depend on the type of technology being used as well as the location. The amount of energy generated by renewable technologies can also vary greatly, depending on size, technology, and location potential. For example, the measured efficiency of solar cells can vary greatly depending on the material used. In the United States, about 17.7 percent of electricity generated is derived from renewable sources. 
 This statistic provides information on the average annual of costs for external consequences of targeted cyber attacks on companies in global markets in 2018. During the survey period it was found that business disruption accumulated an average 5.9 million U.S. dollars in annual damages from a targeted cyber attack on a business. 
 The statistic shows the estimated main export partners for Italy in 2017. In 2017, Italy's main export partner was Germany, accounting for 12.5 percent of all exports. 
 Motorcycles were the most fatal transport mode in Great Britain. According to the latest available data, there were 83 recorded annual fatalities of motorcyclists for every billion passenger kilometer made between 2006 and 2015. This was significantly higher than pedestrian deaths, which at 26 per billion kilometers was the second most fatal mode of transport. By comparison, rail and air were the safest means of transport. Who are those seriously injured? In 2017, 5,941 motorcyclists were killed or seriously injured on British roads. This was the peak since the beginning of the reporting period in 2009. The vast majority of riders involved were male, at nearly 93 percent, while the age group most greatly affected were 20 to 24 year-olds. Annual road fatality numbers Despite a higher number of motorcycle deaths recorded per kilometers covered, due to the greater number of car users, the number of car occupants killed on British roads exceeded figures for motorcyclists. In 2017, 787 car occupants were fatally injured. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Nigeria from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 50.34 percent of Nigeria's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 As of October 2019, the United States generated 17.77 percent of Instagram desktop traffic, while visitors from the United Kingdom accounted for 3.6 percent of site visits. Instagram is one of the most popular social networks in the United States with a 31 percent membership reach among online adults in the United States. During a February 2019 survey, it was found that 93 percent of adults in the United States were aware of the photo sharing app. The person with the highest Instagram follower count was football player Cristiano Ronaldo. 
 This statistic shows the share of internet users in the United States who were using Facebook as of January 2018, sorted by annual household income. We Are Flint found that 85 percent of internet users with household earnings of less than 30,000 US dollars per year used the social networking site. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of employees at AbbVie from 2013 to 2020, as of January 31 of each year. As of January 31, 2020, AbbVie was employing some 30,000 people globally. Abbott was a U.S.-based global pharmaceutical and healthcare products company, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. In January 2013, Abbott was separated into two companies: Abbott and AbbVie. Abbott Laboratories is now specialized on medical products, while AbbVie is responsible for research-based pharmaceuticals. 
 The year 2006 saw the peak in issuance of residential mortgage backed securities, at 1.28 trillion U.S. dollars. This was also at the peak of the housing bubble which was one of the triggers of the 2008 Financial Crisis. Since then mortgaged backed securities are less popular, dropping to 63.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. What are mortgage backed securities? A mortgage backed security is a financial instrument in which a group of mortgages are bundled together and sold to the investors. The idea is that the risk of these individual mortgages is pooled when they are packaged together. This is a sound investment policy, unless the foreclosure rate increases significantly in a short amount of time. Mortgage risk Since mortgages are loans backed by an asset, the house, the risk is often considered relatively low. However, the loan maturities are very long, sometimes decades, meaning lenders must factor in the risk of a shift in the economic climate. As such, interest rates on longer mortgages tend to be higher than on shorter loans. The ten year treasury yield influences these rates, since it is a long-term rate that most investors accept as risk-free. Additionally, a drop in the value of homeowner equity could lead to a situation where the debtor is “underwater” and owes more than the home is worth. 
 The statistic shows the player expenses (payroll) of the Houston Dynamo club of Major League Soccer by player in 2019. Alberth Elis received a salary of 650.34 thousand U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Pakistan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Pakistan was at about 57.2 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 As of the company’s 2019 fiscal year, the Sony Group employed over 114 thousand people around the world. Sony has consistently decreased its total employment since around 2008 when it reported over 180 thousand workers. This 2019 total represents the company’s lowest employment figure in recent history. Sony Sony is one of the largest companies in Japan and operates as a true conglomerate with major business segments ranging from music publishing, to movie production, to consumer electronics. The company earns tens of billions of dollars in revenue each year, with its most financially successful segment being Game & Network Services – the company’s PlayStation brand of gaming consoles are one of the biggest names in the industry and accounts for a significant portion of the its overall revenue. World's largest employers Despite its status as a major multinational conglomerate, Sony’s employment numbers pale in comparison to many of the world’s largest employers. Within the tech industry specifically, companies like Amazon, Accenture, IBM, and Samsung provide hundreds of thousands of jobs to people across the globe. 
 The statistic shows Brazil's budget balance in relation to GDP between 2014 and 2018, with projections up until 2024. A positive value indicates a budget surplus, a negative value indicates a trade deficit. In 2018, Brazil's trade deficit amounted to around 7.23 percent of GDP. For further information see GDP of Brazil. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Pakistan from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 36.67 percent of Pakistan's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the countries considered to be the most trustworthy worldwide in 2014, based on a survey conducted in six countries. Of respondents, 42 percent viewed Canada as a country with trustworthy people, with the United Kingdom (UK) following at 39 percent. In 2016 a similar report on most reputable countries also found Canada to have one of the best reputations worldwide, next to Sweden. In this survey the UK did not fare as well, although it still ranked within the top 20. In 2014 when the same set of respondents were asked about the countries they find most attractive for making personal contacts and friendships, the United States ranked highest. The UK followed again with 39 percent of respondents, ranking it the second most attractive in terms of both trustworthiness and making new friends. Favorable characteristics of UK residents included being polite/having good manners and being educated and skilled. Their worst characteristics included drinking too much alcohol and bad eating habits. Overall the United States ranked as the most attractive country in 2014, although opinions on attractiveness can vary depending on the factors taken into consideration. In the same survey, the leading characteristic contributing to a country’s attractiveness was its culture, followed by economy, natural environment and society. 
Crowdfunding occurs when a number of private individuals each pays a small amount of money to support a project. As of 2016, this process had raised 738.9 million U.S. dollars globally. How does crowdfunding work? There are three main types of crowdfunding: peer-to-peer lending, rewards and donation crowdfunding, and equity crowdfunding. The first type offers the fundraiser to secure a loan without using a financial institution. The second is purely a donation strategy, though donors often get discounts on goods produced by the project. Equity fundraising enables small businesses to generate capital directly from investors without an initial public offering. Successful campaigns Kickstarter is a large crowdfunding platform focused on donation crowdfunding. Most projects are not successfully funded, meaning that no money changes hands. However, those that are successful can raise a significant amount of money, with a few hundred projects raising over a million dollars. This shows that there is a demand for Kickstarter’s service, and this demand for crowdfunding is likely to increase in the coming years. 
 By 2030, the gross federal debt of the United States is projected to be about 36.2 trillion U.S. dollars. This would be an increase of about 13.5 trillion U.S. dollars from 2019, when the federal debt was 22.67 trillion U.S. dollars. The federal debt of the U.S. The federal debt, also called the national debt or public debt, is the amount of debt held by the United States government. This debt may be to other countries, or to different departments within the government itself. The public debt of the United States has increased significantly over the past 30 years, as it was around 3.2 trillion U.S. dollars in 1990 and totaled around 22.72 trillion U.S. dollars in September 2019. The problem of the federal debt Over the past number of years, the federal debt limit in the United States has been hiked significantly, which in the past few years was done in order to prevent the U.S. government from shutting down. The issue of the U.S. federal debt has put a wedge between Democrats and Republicans, as the two parties are unable to find an effective solution to reduce the federal debt. When broken down per capita, the national debt amounted to about 65,600 U.S. dollars of debt per person in the United States. 
 Travel and tourism have become one of the leading engines of growth for the Spanish economy, featuring an ongoing increase in the GDP contribution over the last years and projected to reach approximately 178 billion euros in 2018. Spain ranked second on the World Tourism Organization’s list of most visited countries in the world, with its number of international visitors amounting to nearly 82 million in 2017. A popular holiday destination for Europeans The Mediterranean country is also one of Europe’s favorite holiday destinations in 2018 – the United Kingdom, Germany and France appeared in the leading positions of the largest number of international visitors to Spain. Visitors also came from the Mediterranean countries: Spain welcomed, for example, more than four million Italians and 2.4 million Portuguese. The United Kingdom: a key tourism source market The number of tourists from the United Kingdom grew by 6 million between 2010 and 2018. Despite the fact that the average British visitor has been cutting down the length of their stay during recent years, the daily expenditure experienced a sharp increase and reached an average of 127 euros per person in 2018. 
 This statistic presents the monthly brand fan growth of Facebook profiles from August to December 2017. In the last measured month, Facebook brand pages gained an average of 0.6 percent more followers than in the previous month. 
 This statistic shows the fastest emerging tourism destinations worldwide for 2014 to 2024. Zambia, in Africa, was the third fastest emerging tourism destination with an annual growth rate of 7.3 percent in travel and tourism's direct contribution to GDP projected for 2014 to 2024. 
 The statistic shows the development of the world population since the birth of Christ. 6.9 billion people were living on earth in 2010. Additional information on world population The global population has risen dramatically in the last 100 years from 1.65 billion in 1900 to surpassing 7 billion in 2011. The most significant driver of this population change has been the reduction of global mortality rates. Scientific research and well organized health policy implementation have ensured that epidemics such as the HIV/AIDS epidemic can be combated more effectively to save the lives of those at risk. Declining infant mortality rates are a triumphant example of health improvements, especially in North Africa and the Middle East. Infant mortality rates have also declined in more economically developed countries such as the United States. China and India are now the most populous countries in the world, together accounting for over one third of the world population. Recent trends suggest these countries will continue to have high fertility rates until they reach a higher level of economic development. The trend of fertility rates below 2.1 per women, the rate considered to be necessary to retain the population level, is evident in developed countries such as Singapore. However, countries such as Singapore can retain their population level through increased immigration rather than increasing fertility rates. Some critics have argued that the issue of population rise should regain a prominent place in the international political agenda. Recent studies including a 2014 study at the University of Washington have placed doubt on the claim that the global population will peak at 9 billion around 2050. The issue is important as growing populations place higher strain on both natural and public resources including healthcare and education. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditure on soaps and detergents per consumer unit in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the country's average expenditure on soaps and detergents amounted to 92.05 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. 
 This statistic presents the frequency of users in the United States accessing Facebook. As of the third quarter of 2019, it was found that 52 percent of U.S. Facebook users accessed the social platform several times a day. Facebook is the most popular social media site in the U.S.
 This timeline shows the total number of employees of the LVMH Group worldwide from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the total number of employees of the LVMH Group worldwide was 156,000. 
 This statistic shows the number of gaming tables in casinos in Macao from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, there were 6,588 gaming tables in Macao. Gambling in Macao - additional information The number of gaming tables in Macao increased by more than 2,000 between 2007 and 2017. In 2017, there were 6,419 gaming tables in Macao. Macao is one of two Special Administrative Regions of the People’s Republic of China and gambling has been legal there since the mid-nineteenth century. Since then, the gambling and gaming industry has become a large part of Macao’s economy, generating almost 33 billion U.S. dollars in gross revenue in 2017, up from just 10.5 billion in 2007. As a result, Macao is now known to many as the “Monte Carlo of the Orient” and the Las Vegas Strip, America’s largest gambling market. In the first quarter of 2018, there were 41 casinos in Macao. Within these casinos, gamblers from all over the world play a variety of games of fortune, including roulette, black jack, baccarat, slot machines, Mahjong and poker, among many others. VIP baccarat, a card game played between two hands, generated by far the most revenue among the games of fortune in 2017 with around 18.6 billion U.S. dollars. There were many more slot machines than gaming tables in Macao’s casinos in 2017. With more than 15 thousand units, slot machines outweighed gaming tables by over nine thousand. Despite being much larger in number, slot machines made significantly smaller revenue than gaming tables at just 1.63 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Qatar from 2014 to 2017, with forecasts up to 2024. In 2017, the total population of Qatar amounted to approximately 2.66 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Belgium from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Belgium had amounted to about 2.31 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the homicide by firearm rate per 100,000 population in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, about 3.14 homicides by firearm per 100,000 population were committed in the U.S. 
 The amount of milk produced per cow in the United States has increased each year since 1999, from 17.76 thousand pounds per year to around 23.17 thousand pounds in 2018. This figure is expected to increase to 23.5 thousand pounds of milk per cow by 2019. Milk Production Worldwide On a global scale, the production volume of cow milk reached over 500 million metric tons in 2018 and is expected to increase slightly in the next year. In 2018, the 28 member states of the European Union produced the most milk of any country, by a large margin. The United States was the second leading producer of milk in that year. Declining Milk Consumption in the U.S. While the global production volume of milk, as well as milk production per cow have increased significantly over the last several years, per capita consumption of fluid milk in the United States has seen a steady decrease year after year. In 2000, the average American consumed around 197 pounds of milk over the course of the year, and by 2018, the per capita consumption of fluid milk stood at only 146 pounds. 
 This statistic shows public sector expenditure on national roads in the United Kingdom from 2011/12 to 2018/19. Public sector spending on national roads generally increased during this period, reaching 4.8 billion British pounds in 2018/19. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of selected global distribution systems in 2017. The global distribution system Amadeus generated a revenue of approximately 5.81 billion U.S. dollars (4.85 billion euros) in 2017. The revenue of Amadeus has been consistent over the last four years, remaining above 4.1 billion U.S. dollars. The revenue of Sabre on the other hand, has seen quite large growth, increasing by almost one billion U.S. dollars over the last four years. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Cyprus from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Cyprus increased to about 0.78 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In total there are about 61 active dentists per every 100,000 people living in the United States, though there is significant variability in the number of dentists available depending on the state. As of 2017, California, Texas and New York had the largest number of active dentists working. California was ranked first with over 30 thousand active dentists. Despite having the largest number of dentists working, these states were not always the states with the highest number of dentists per population. Dentistry within the U.S. – a supply cliff? Recent estimates have suggested that the dentistry workforce in the U.S. is lacking by over 10,000 dentists. However, some states host a much higher number of dentists per population. The top states for the number of active dentists per population includes the District of Columbia, Massachusetts and Alaska. Despite variability across the U.S., attractive salaries may be one way to attract more dentists to practice. In a recent survey of dental professionals, dentists that worked in non-solo private practices had some of the highest annual incomes among all dentists. Dental access and use in the U.S. Dental use and access are staggeringly low in the United States. However, it is recommended that all people should visit their dentist regularly for cleaning and maintenance even if they have no dental issues. One barrier to dental care can be the high costs attached to some services and the lack of dental insurance to pay for care. While a majority of those that access dental services have some form of coverage to help them pay, a significant proportion of those accessing dental services are not covered by any type of insurance. Recommendations for increasing access to dental services include targeted public health programs, better insurance options and increasing the dental workforce within the U.S. 
 In 2019, there were 2.31 million new passenger cars registered in the United Kingdom. This was a slight decrease compared to the previous year, and 14.2 percent lower than the peak reported in 2016. The purchase of new cars has consistently become more expensive, with the consumer price index reaching 108.1 points in 2018, having grown by nearly 20 points in the past eleven years. What consumers want of their car The most important feature British consumers were looking for in their new car was fuel efficiency. According to a 2019 Statista survey, 61 percent of respondents reported this characteristic to be of importance to them when deciding on a new purchase. This was followed by the vehicle’s safety. Total number of licensed cars The overall number of licensed cars in Great Britain reached 31.5 million in 2018. The number of cars available in the country had consistently been increasing since the beginning of the reporting period in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the monthly market share of the car manufacturer Vauxhall in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. The company's market share has dropped from 11.1 percent to 4.2 percent in this 42-month period. Vauxhall is known to be one of the most successful car brands in the UK, being named as one of the leading car manufacturers in the UK. In July 2019, the company held a market share of 6.6 percent in the United Kingdom, a considerable decreased in comparison to the same month in the previous years. The peak was recorded in July 2016, at 11.05 percent. 
 This statistic depicts broiler meat production worldwide from 2012 to 2019. In 2018, the world's broiler meat production amounted to about 95.5 million metric tons, and is forecasted to increase to about 97.8 million metric tones by the end of following year. 
 This statistic shows the annual net income/loss of Activision Blizzard worldwide from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, Activision Blizzard's net income amounted to 1.8 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the top selling Nintendo Switch titles worldwide as of September 2019. With 19.01 million units sold, Mario Kart 8 Deluxe was the top selling Nintendo Switch game as of September 2019. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to Olympic National Park in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to Olympic National Park amounted to approximately 3.25 million in 2019. After five years of year-on-year growth, visitor numbers at Olympic National Park dropped by around 300,000 in 2018, totaling 3.1 million for that year. Olympic National Park The park is situated just to the west of Seattle, covering the majority of the peninsula between Seattle and the Pacific Ocean. The park was originally declared a national monument by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1909, and was designated as a national park by Congress in 1938. It has also been declared as a World Heritage Site by the United Nations. In 2019, it was the ninth-most visited national park in the U.S, however visitor numbers are far behind the two most-visited national parks - Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Grand Canyon National Park. Economic Benefits of national parks National parks not only provide aesthetic and environmental benefits for the community, but also economic benefits. The sale of entry fees, tours, accommodation, food & beverages, and souvenirs associated with national parks provide direct economic benefits to the surrounding community. The quality of infrastructure within and surrounding national park is also therefore important, as different types of accommodation will often generate different levels of spending. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Kazakhstan from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Kazakhstan amounted to about 6.03 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Carolina Panthers, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Carolina Panthers was 424 million U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Buffalo Bills from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Buffalo Bills was 68,839. 
 Recent figures tell us that the United States spent 17.9 percent of its gross domestic product on health care in 2017. Projections show us that in the subsequent two years the health spending in regards to GDP will stagnate. The United States has the highest health spending based on GDP share among developed countries. While public spending in the U.S. is on line with other developed countries, private health spending is much higher in the United States. Why the U.S. pays so much more While private health spending in Canada stays at around three percent and in Germany under two percent of the gross domestic product, it is nearly nine percent in the United States. Another reason for high costs can be found in physicians’ salaries, which are much higher in the U.S. than in other wealthy countries. A general practitioner in the U.S. earns nearly twice as much as the average physician in other high-income countries. Additionally, medicine spending per capita is also significantly higher in the United States. Finally, inflated health care administration costs are another of the predominant factors which make health care spending in the U.S. out of proportion. It is important to state that Americans do not pay more because they have a higher health care utilization, but mainly because of higher prices. Expected developments By 2027, it is expected that health care spending in the U.S. will reach nearly one fifth of the nation’s gross domestic product. Or clearly spoken, health care expenditures will accumulate to about six trillion U.S. dollars in total. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Chile from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Chile's real gross domestic product had increased by around 4.02 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Malta semi-annually from 2010 to 2019. In the first half of 2019, the average electricity price for households was 13.05 euro cents per kWh. 
 As of 2017, right-wing American news website Breitbart was rated as not at all credible by 18 percent of respondents from a survey of over two thousand U.S. adults. Additionally, over half of respondents had either never heard of the publication or had no opinion about Breitbart’s credibility. Conservative view of news media While right-wing websites and online publications have grown in number and popularity in recent years, Fox News remains the largest and perhaps most influential conservative news source in the United States. On the whole, people who identify as Republicans seem to be extremely skeptical of news media, with a large majority stating that they believe that the American news media abuses its First Amendment right to freedom of the press. Fake news The current political climate in the U.S. has given rise to increasingly divisive opinions regarding the truthfulness, objectivity, and credibility of many American news sources. While both sides of the isle tend to agree that social media is the most common source of fake news and misinformation, they differ greatly in terms of their opinions of sources like Fox News and MSNBC. 
 This statistic shows total civilian deaths occurred, due to fires, in the United States from 1977 to 2018. In 2018, there were 1,318,500 fires reported in the United States. These fires caused an estimated 3,655 civilian deaths. 
 This statistic presents the projected global m-commerce transaction value from 2014 to 2019. According to the source, worldwide mobile commerce revenues amounted to 96.34 billion U.S. dollars in 2015 and are set to surpass 693 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 Some people complain that these days couples are not willing to invest in their relationship anymore, that the first hurdle encountered is a reason for a separation, and that ‘till death do us part’ does not really mean anything anymore. But whether that is true or not, facts show that people in the Netherlands continuously wait longer to file for a divorce. In the last decade, the average duration of marriage at the time of a divorce has increased by nearly a year, from 14.2 years in 2008 to 15 in 2018. In the 1950s, this was even shorter. In 1950, the average divorced couple had been married for 11.2 years before divorcing. Increasing divorce rate What also increased between the 1950s and today however was the number of marriage dissolutions. In this period, the number of divorces more than tripled, from three per 1,000 couples to just over nine in 2018. That year, women on average were 44.3 years old when their marriage ended. Men were slightly older, at 47.6 years. Society and divorce Although segments of society still disapprove of divorcing, among a large share of the Dutch population getting a divorce is disappointing, but acceptable. A survey among the younger generation in the Netherlands in 2016 and 2017 found that over 80 percent of respondents thought it was sometimes necessary to end a marriage. Support was highest among the 26 to 34-year-olds, at 84 percent. 
 The suicide rate in Sweden was varying over the period from 2008 to 2018, between 11 and 13 suicides per hundred thousand inhabitants. In 2018, there were 12 suicides per hundred thousand inhabitants, same as the previous year. 
 Since 2000, the average annual wages in France have been increasing. In 2000, the average annual wages in France amounted to 31,247 euros. Since then the average wage in France has been increasing, despite a slight period of stagnation between 2006 and 2008. While the average annual wages were of 33,974 euros in 2008, they reached 37,162 euros in 2019. In 2019, most of French citizens earned between 1,000 and 2,999 euros a month. Higher wages Individuals aged between 50 and 54 years old had in average the highest annual salary income in France, while in 2019 most of French people do not appear to be satisfied with the amount of their current salary. However, with the increase of the average salary, the gross minimum wage also rose in the country. Employment in France The employment rate remained almost the same in France since the mid-2000s. In 2018, more than 25 million people were in employment in the countries. Most of French citizens were employees under a permanent contract. However, France is one of the Western European countries with the highest level of youth unemployment. As of January 2019, France had a youth unemployment rate of 20.1 percent. French aged between 15 and 24 years old appear to have difficulties finding a job after their studies. The 2008 economic crisis, as well as a lack of follow-up and support for young graduates, could explain this rampant issue for employment in France. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, music streaming service Spotify reported 271 million active users worldwide. This marked an increase of over 60 million in just one year. What is Spotify? Spotify is a music streaming service that offers digital audio content. Basic audio content can be accessed for free whereas premium user subscriptions enable users to access offline mobile content as well as listen to music without advertising. At the end of 2019, the company announced 124 million paying subscribers. Launched in 2008, Spotify originated in Sweden before expanding to European markets and the United States in 2011. Spotify’s U.S. launch was strongly marketed through Facebook, with the music streaming app profiting from the social listening integration via social media. Part of Spotify’s appeal can be attributed to the user- and brand-curated playlists, which can be shared publicly or between friends. Fans may choose what to listen to based on their current mood or preference, and the ability to share such content provides an element of social connectivity ordinarily reserved for networking sites. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in basketball in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in basketball amounted to approximately 24.23 million. 
 The statistic represents Schindler Group's revenue between the fiscal year of 2007 and the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Swiss manufacturer of escalators and elevators generated about 10.9 billion Swiss francs (or about 11 billion U.S. dollars) in revenue. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Iraq from 2005 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the average inflation rate in Iraq amounted to about 0.1 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the natural gas prices for household end users in Germany semi-annually from 2010 to 2018. In the first half of 2018, the average natural gas price for households was 6.08 euro cents per kWh. 
 The stock price of Goldman Sachs was 229.93 points at the close of 2019. This is down from its height in 2018, but still well above the slumps in 2008 and 2011 due to the Financial Crisis and its aftermath. What does the stock price depend on? The stock price is how much it costs to buy one share of Goldman Sachs. Its value is dependent on supply and demand – the number of investors that want to sell the stock and the number of investors willing to purchase it… and for how much. One of the most important factors that affect the stock price are financial results announced by the company. If they are better than expected, the price will most probably increase. Other ways to measure a firm’s growth Fundamental analysis focuses on economic factors such as interest rates, performance of a specific sector and financial results of a company, including for example net earnings or net revenue. Many investors, however, prefer technical analysis, which only deals with charts and patterns defined by movements of price and volume. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Iraq between 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Iraq’s real gross domestic product decreased by around 2.5 percent compared to the previous year. GDP is a reliable tool used to indicate the shape of a national economy. It is one of the most well-known and well-understood measurements of the state of a country. Gross domestic product, or GDP, is the total market value of all final services and goods that have been produced in a country within a given period of time, usually a year. 
 The term ‘fake news’ is used in multiple different contexts, but officially refers simply to false information presented as legitimate news. Adults in the United States believe social media platforms and online news sites to be the most likely sources of fake news – 58 percent of respondents to a survey believed that Facebook was the most likely place in which they would encounter false news stories, and 49 percent said the same about Twitter. A separate study revealed that 66 percent of U.S. adults believed that 76 percent or more of the news they saw on social media was biased. Social networks are generally not seen as credible or trustworthy news platforms – on a global level, social media was the least trusted source of general news and information. Why does social media fuel or help to spread fake news? Sadly, the main way in which fake news can be so quickly disseminated throughout not only one, but multiple social media platforms, is by users sharing such news with others (either knowingly or unknowingly). The ability to share content with friends and family is one of the key appeals of social networks, but the ease of doing so becomes somewhat sinister when it comes to the spread of false information. Ten percent of U.S. adults admitted to knowingly sharing fake news or information online, 49 percent said that they shared such content and later found out it was inaccurate or made up, and 52 percent admitted to having done either of these things. This is a serious cause for concern. Sharing news in good faith and later discovering it was fake is one thing, but deliberately and knowingly passing such content on to others is another. Many social media users blame the networks themselves for the spread of fake news. Whilst social platforms do make attempts to regulate the content shared on their sites, the more users who actively take responsibility for the content they choose to share and hold themselves accountable, the greater the overall impact. 
 In 2018, there were approximately 188.8 thousand healthcare physicians employed in the United Kingdom (UK). Since 2000, the number of physicians has increased by over 70 thousand, steadily growing year-on-year. This figure includes all physicians who provide services for patients, including specialized physicians. The doctor will see you now In a 2018 survey of British people, a fifth of respondents stated they consult with a primary care physician once a year, furthermore almost of a quarter of respondents stated they see a physician at least three times a year. When attending a doctor’s appointment, the experience is usually a positive one with over 95 percent of respondents of survey respondents having confidence and trust in their healthcare professional at their last appointment. The future of healthcare? Telemedicine is the process of using technology to diagnosis patients remotely. Only ten percent of British people have experienced telemedicine so far, however almost 40 percent would be willing to try it. Although, the issues that the British public would feel most uncomfortable discussing over technology are sexual health issues and mental health issues. Regarding the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare, individuals in England were most favorable to a device that could test their blood at home for a variety of health indicators. 
 This statistic shows the countries with the highest rate of Facebook audience reach as of January 2020. As of the measured period, the social network had an addressable ad audience reach of 96 percent in Qatar. 
 The graph shows the population distribution in China in 2019, by broad age group. In 2019, about 64.0 percent of the population was between 16 and 59 years old. Apart from the information given on broad age groups in this statistic, some more information is provided by a timeline for the age distribution and a population breakdown by smaller age groups. Demographic development in China – additional information China ranked as the most populous country in the world as of 2014 with a population of more than 1.36 billion, followed closely by India with roughly 1.3 billion inhabitants. As the world population reached around 7.24 billion in mid 2014, China represented almost one fifth of the global population. China’s population increased exponentially between the 1950s and the early 1980s due to Mao Zedong’s population policy. To tackle the problem of overpopulation, a one-child policy was implemented in 1979. Since then, China’s population growth has slowed from more than two percent per annum in the 1970s to around 0.5 percent per annum in the 2000s. One outcome of the strict population policy is the acceleration of demographic aging trends. According to the United Nations, China’s population median age had risen by 84 percent over the last four decades, from 19.4 years in 1970 to 34.6 years in 2010. Few countries have aged faster than China. The dramatic ageing of the population is matched by slower growth. The total fertility rate, measuring the number of children a woman can expect to have in her life, stood at just 1.66 children. This incremental decline in labor force could lead to future challenges for the Chinese government, causing instability in current health care and social insurance mechanisms. To learn more about demographic development of the rural and urban population in China, please take a look at our dossiers on population in China and aging population in China. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Turkey from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is defined as the share of urban population in the total population. In 2018, 75.14 percent of the total population of Turkey lived in urban areas. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Miami Heat games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 56.55 U.S. dollars. Miami Heat - additional information The Miami Heat are an American professional basketball team playing in the National Basketball Association’s (NBA) Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference. The Heat joined the NBA in 1988 in Miami as an expansion team, but had limited success in its first seasons. In the mid 1990s however, it became a serious championship contender under the management of head coach Pat Riley. The team won its first NBA championship series in 2006, and then again in 2012 and 2013. Although it is a relative young team, with many ups and downs it its short history, the Miami Heat have gained a considerable following in the past decade. In a ranking of NBA teams according to the number of fans on Facebook, the Heat placed fourth, with over 16 million fans. This number places them ahead of more established teams with a rich history in the leagues, such as rivals Boston Celtics or New York Knicks, both established in 1946. The team has had on its roster some of the most famous basketball players of all times, such as Shaquille O’Neal and Alonzo Mourning, as well as the so-called “Big 3” - Chris Bosh, LeBron James and Dwyane Wade, which raised to stardom during the team’s run to the 2012 and 2013 championships. As of 2015, the total franchise value of the Miami Heat is estimated by Forbes at 1.175 billion U.S. dollars, slightly over the NBA average franchise value of 1.106 billion U.S. dollars. During the 2013/2014 season, the player expenses of the Miami Heat were estimated at 98 million U.S. dollars, the third highest team payroll in the entire NBA. During the same season, the team had an estimated revenue of 188 million U.S. dollars. The Miami Heat ticket prices for home games in 2014/15 have reached an estimated 78.3 U.S. dollars, some 20 U.S. dollars more than the overall league-wide average ticket price. 
 This statistic depicts the grape production worldwide from 2012/2013 to 2018/2019. During the marketing year 2018/2019, global grape production amounted to about 22.15 million metric tons. 
 The statistic shows Bajaj Auto's total revenue in the 2018 and 2019 fiscal years. During the fiscal year of 2019, the India-based company reported total revenue of approximately 319 billion Indian rupees or about 4.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the monthly number of cars sold by Peugeot in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2014 and December 2019. Peugeot is part of the French PSA Peugeot Citroen Group. Throughout all months recorded here, the company sales tended to spike in March and September of each year as these were the two months when the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency released new registration plates. In september 2019, Peugeot sold 10,918 cars in the UK, a slight decrease in comparison to the same month of the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Malaysia from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 17.1 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 21.8 million mobile phone internet users. 
 This statistic displays the monthly exchange rate (as of the end of each month, at closing) of the euro to the U.S. dollar (EUR USD), according to data provided by the European Central Bank, from January 2014 to February 2020. The concrete, or point in time, measure shows the exchange rate as of the last day of each month, which is different to the standardized measure; that denotes a calculation of average based on many observations throughout the period in question. Foreign exchange rates can be affected by a number of factors. Country inflation rates, public debts, current account deficits, interest rates, terms of trade between countries and, political stability and economic performance all factor into the exchange rate. During the period under observation, the euro saw a peak in January of 2018 when one euro could be exchanged for 1.25 U.S. dollars. Since that point the Euro has seen an overall fall towards February 2020 where it stands at 1.1 U.S. dollars to the euro. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in South Africa from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in South Africa amounted to around 6,353.85 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows worldwide exports of corn from the United States between 2001 and 2019. In 2001, exports of corn from the United States came to over 1.9 billion bushels. Six years later, in 2007, about 2.4 billion bushels of corn have been exported from the United States. The United States was the largest producer of corn worldwide in 2016. 
 This statistic shows international inbound tourism by mode of transport in 2018. Air travel comprised the largest share of inbound tourism in 2018 with 58 percent. Travel by rail had the smallest share at just two percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles (St. Louis) Rams games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 118.09 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the smartphone penetration in Indonesia as share of the population from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 24 percent of the population in Indonesia used a smartphone. 
 This statistic gives information on Tmall's total gross merchandise volume from the second quarter of 2011 to the second quarter of 2016. As of the last reported quarter, the website's total GMV amounted to 329 billion yuan. 
 Chinese companies invested 39.5 billion U.S. dollars into firms in the United States in 2018, when measured on a historical-cost basis. This level of foreign direct investment (FDI) increased dramatically from 2015 to 2016, but has decreased slightly since then. Sino-American relations FDI flows are even higher from the United States into China than the flows in this statistic. In addition to FDI, the countries are linked by billions of U.S. dollars in trade value, much of which includes integrated supply chains which see intermediate products shipped back and forth before a final product goes to consumers. This close economic relationship does not imply a political partnership, however. In fact, the countries engaged in what most analysts consider a trade war starting in 2018. China’s other options China is expanding its Belt and Road Initiative, producing infrastructure investments abroad in different parts of Asia. However, these outflows do not yet reach the values seen in this statistic, partly due to the smaller size of the target economies. Still, the majority of net overseas direct investment from China goes to Asia. This measure is slightly different because it does not give the total volume of investments, but it underscores the importance of regional ties to Chinese investors. 
 This statistic presents the number of internet users in selected Middle Eastern countries as of April 2019. As of that month, Iran had 62.7 million internet users, followed by Saudi Arabia with 30.26 million internet users. 
How many Super Bowls have been won per team? The New England Patriots have won the Super Bowl six times, most recently Super Bowl LIII in February 2019. Joining them at the top of this list is the Pittsburgh Steelers, whose most recent of their six titles came in 2009. The franchise's most successful period came between 1975 and 1980, during which they claimed the title four times. The history of the big game The Super Bowl is the annual championship game of the National Football League (NFL), pitting the champions of the NFL’s two conferences (AFC and NFC) against each other. The games were originally created as part of a merger agreement between the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League, with the first Super Bowl being played on January 15, 1967, following the 1966 football season. To identify the games, successive Roman numerals are used leading up to the most recent Super Bowl in 2014 (Super Bowl XLVIII). Super Bowl greats With six championships wins each, the Pittsburgh Steelers and the New England Patriots are the most successful NFL franchises in terms of Super Bows won. Of these two teams, the New England Patriots are the most recent champions, defeating the Los Angeles Rams in Super Bowl LIII in 2019 with a score of 13-3. Winning Super Bowl LIII made Tom Brady the player with the most Super Bowl rings as players with a record setting sixth Super Bowl win. Charles Haley, who played from 1986 to 1999, has the second-most Super Bowl rings with five. Notable players who have won four Super Bowl rings are Joe Montana, Bill Romanowski, Adam Vinatieri, Ronnie Lott, Matt Millen and Terry Bradshaw. In 2020, Patrick Mahomes joined the illustrious list of quarterbacks to have won a Super Bowl ring. Having been 10-20 down to the San Francisco 49ers in the final quarter, the Kansas City Chiefs scored 21 unanswered points to claim their first Super Bowl victory in 50 years. Legendary quarterbacks While Tom Brady is certainly a legend of the game, he does not top the list of quarterbacks with the most passing yards in NFL history. This honor belongs to fellow quarterback legend, Drew Brees, who has thrown a total of over 74 thousand yards in his career. However, Brady is the undoubted master of the playoffs, having won a total of 30 playoff games during his career, almost double that of his closest rival on the list, Joe Montana. The Patriots quarterback is also peerless when it comes to total passing yards for the franchise – his over-70,000 yards are more than double those of Drew Bledsoe, who occupies second place on the Patriots’ all-time list. 
 This statistic shows the number of smartphone users in the U.S. from 2010 to 2023. For 2018, the number of smartphone users in the United States is estimated to reach 257.3 million. Smartphone users - additional information Advances in telecommunication technology have been significant in recent years. These advances have led to a level of connectivity never seen before. The number of smartphone users in the US has risen steadily over the last several years and forecasts estimate that smartphone penetration in North America will also continue to rise steadily into the future. The United States is one of the leading countries in the world with respect to adoption of smartphone technology. In America the most popular smartphone brands are Samsung and Apple, while the most popular smartphone operating systems / platforms with respect to market share are none other than Google Android and Apple’s own operating system, iOS. Other operating systems, such as Symbian, Blackberry OS, Bada and Windows have struggled to maintain a foothold in the market as iOS and Android clearly dominate the field. The first official smartphones came onto the market in the early 1990s. Initially a smartphone was classified by its ability to offer features like e-mail capability, internet access, QUERTY keyboards, personal digital assistant functions and perhaps a built-in camera. As of today, smartphones have progressed even more and we typically classify smartphones as having a high definition touchscreen, various apps, navigation tools and high-speed internet on the go. More recently sales of smartphones have even exceeded that of traditional feature phones as smartphone usage has continued to rise. 
 This statistic represents U.S. revenue generated with online apparel and accessories retail sales between 2017 and 2023. In 2018, retail e-commerce revenues from apparel and accessories sales amounted to 102.15 billion U.S. dollars and are projected to increase to 145.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2023. E-commerce revenue from apparel in the U.S. – additional information With retail e-commerce sales worldwide expected to reach just over four trillion U.S. dollars in 2020, the global e-commerce industry appears to show no signs of slowing down. The UK has the highest online shopping penetration rate in the world – 76 percent as of the fourth quarter of 2016. Both Germany and South Korea have penetration rates higher than 70 percent, while the United States ranks fifth with a 67 percent penetration rate. Apparel and accessories is also the most popular e-commerce category in the United States. Beauty and personal care products, as well as food items were also popular. 
 As of 2019, the Danish national fotball team, controlled by the Danish Football Association (Dansk Boldspil-Union), made the 10th position in the FIFA World Ranking. The highest position ever reached by the team was six in the years 1993 and 1996. So far, they already participated in one friendly match against Kosovo and three qualifiers for the UEFA Euro 2020. What is the FIFA World Ranking? The ranking, based on game results, is created by the International Federation of Association Football (FIFA). The most successful team is in first place. In general, the teams get points for single matches, determined by the relative strength of both opponents. These points must be added/ subtracted to get the final position in the ranking. For this, a new calculation model adapted from the Elo rating system is in use. FIFA World Cup 2018 – leading Danish players As of June 2018, Christian Eriksen’s market value was highest among all players of the Danish national football team. It amounted to 80 million euros and was followed by Andreas Christensen with a market value of 40 million euros. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Cincinnati Bengals from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Cincinnati Bengals was 47,179. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in current U.S. dollars in Puerto Rico from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Puerto Rico's gross domestic product amounted to around 101.13 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the all-time points scored leaders in the National Hockey League. Wayne Gretzky has scored the most points with 2,857. 
 The year-end value of the S&P Case Shiller National Home Price Index amounted to 212.59 in 2019. The index value was equal to 100 as of January 2000, so if the index value is equal to 130 in a given year, for example, it means that the house prices increased by 30 percent since 2000. S&P/Case Shiller U.S. home indices – additional information The S&P Case Shiller National Home Price Index is calculated on a monthly basis and is based on the prices of single-family homes in nine U.S. Census divisions: New England, Middle Atlantic, East North Central, West North Central, South Atlantic, East South Central, West South Central, Mountain and Pacific. The index is the leading indicator of the American housing market and one of the indicators of the state of the broader economy. The index illustrates the trend of home prices and can be helpful during house purchase decisions. When house prices are rising, a house buyer might want to speed up the house purchase decision as the transaction costs can be much higher in the future. The S&P Case Shiller National Home Price Index has been on the rise since 2011. The index value increased from 140.64 in December 2010 to 212.59 in December 2019. The S&P Case Shiller National Home Price Index is one of the indices included in the S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Index Series. Other indices are the S&P/Case Shiller 20-City Composite Home Price Index, the S&P/Case Shiller 10-City Composite Home Price Index and twenty city composite indices. 
 In 2018, the population density in Indonesia was at about 147.75 people per square kilometer. Despite being the fourth largest country in the world in terms of population, Indonesia’s population density is mitigated by its abundance of land – Indonesia is an archipelago of more than 17 thousand islands sprawled across more than five thousand kilometers from east to west. Java as the heart of Indonesia Despite the many thousands of islands, Indonesia’s population, politics, and economy are mostly centered on the island of Java. This is where its capital, Jakarta, is located. With a population of around 36.3 million in 2015, Jakarta is not only Indonesia’s biggest city, it is also one of the world’s most-populated urban areas. The number of inhabitants in Jakarta increased three-fold since 1975, reflecting a trend of rural-urban migration in Indonesia. Urban-rural dichotomy Indonesia’s rural population had been steadily decreasing in the last ten years; inversely, its urban population saw a steady increase. As of 2018, more than 55 percent of the Indonesian population were living in urban areas. In Indonesia, the economic opportunities are mostly concentrated in the larger and more densely populated islands such as Java and Bali, and smaller, rural, and more far-flung islands such as the Malukkus tend to suffer from a lack of easy connectivity to these economic centers. It comes as no surprise that these rural areas had the highest share of the rural population living below the poverty line. With their lack of economic prospects, rural populations in Indonesia also had a significantly higher share of those living below the poverty line than urban populations. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Boston Celtics franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 304 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic above presents employment data for the U.S. motion picture and sound recording industry from 2001 to 2019. In January 2019, this industry employed an estimated 427.3 thousand people, down slightly from 429.8 recorded in the previous year. 
 In 2019, the poultry consumption per capita in Malaysia was approximately 49 kilograms. In 2025, this was forecasted to reach around 51 kilograms per capita. Malaysia's poultry meat consumption in 2019 was above the OECD average of that year. When surveyed, a majority of Malaysians indicated that they would not willingly give up meat in their diets. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Denmark from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Danish population was 41.6 years. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Pittsburgh Steelers, franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Pittsburgh Steelers was 439 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the retail sales of electric bicycles in China from 2010 through 2020. In 2015, some 14.35 million electric bikes were sold to customers in China. The country is the most important market for electric bikes worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the most popular video streaming services in the United States as of July 2018, ranked by reach. As of July 2018, YouTube was the most popular video streaming service, with a reach of 92.1 percent, whereas Netflix had a reach of 34 percent. 
 Between 1985 and 2014, the number of official golf courses increased from approximately three thousand to seven thousand, after which it experienced a slight decline. As of 2017, England is the leader with 1.87 thousand official golf courses followed by Germany and France with respectively 731 and 602 registered golf courses. The rise in the number of golf courses in Europe was accompanied with a rise in golf popularity. In the past 20 years, golf has been gaining popularity in Europe. In 1990, there were 1.71 million registered golfers in Europe, whereas in 2017, there were approximately 4.14 million registered golfers. Golf participation peaked in 2010, when 4.44 people were registered. Spain and Portugal are the most popular non-domestic golfing holiday destinations for golfers from Great Britain and Ireland. Approximately one third of the golfers in Ireland and Great Britain, who play at least ten times a year, went on a golfing holiday in Spain in 2017. Second and third in popularity as non-domestic golfing destinations” were Portugal and Ireland. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Bayer CropScience from 2005 to 2018. Bayer CropScience is a subgroup of the Bayer AG and produces products for crop protection and nonagricultural pest control. It is also active in seeds and plant traits. In 2005, Bayer CropScience generated around 5.9 billion euros of revenue. In 2016, the revenue of Bayer CropScience stood at almost ten billion euros. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Denmark from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Denmark's real gross domestic product increased by 1.49 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the monthly house price index for house sales in London from January 2017 to September 2019. The house price index for all dwellings is one of simple ways of illustrating trends on the house sales market. It helps to simplify house purchase decisions. When house prices are rising, a house buyer has to decide on speeding up the house purchase process; as the transaction costs can grow to be much more significant in the future. The index calculated for London is part of the wider database, which employs the same statistical calculation method, hedonic regression, to model property price data for all dwellings. This consistent approach produces estimates for each period under observation and ensures comparability across all regions. Data for London showed that the house price index for the capital city of the United Kingdom noted fluctuation. Notably, there was a drop in the HPI between July 2018 and March 2019, before recovering slightly towards September 2019. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Cleveland Browns, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Cleveland Browns was 399 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average housing price in Mexico from the first quarter of 2018 to the second quarter of 2019. In the second quarter of 2019, Mexicans paid on average 1.07 million Mexican pesos to acquire residential property. Compared to the same period of the previous year, the nominal price increased by more than 30 percent. Mexico City registered the highest price for this type of property, with an average exceeding three million pesos per residential unit as of the second quarter of 2019. 
 The revenues of MetLife reached approximately 67.94 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, up from 62.31 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Their revenues fell after the Great Recession in the late 2000s, but have since recovered and reached a decade-long peak of 73 billion U.S. dollars in 2014. Most profitable business segment MetLife is a New York-based insurance company, which operates domestically as well as in Asia, Latin America and EMEA. The U.S. business segment is consistently the most profitable. In 2018, the revenue generated by premiums written in the United States accounted for over half of their total premium revenues globally. Metlife on the NYSE MetLife is a publicly traded company, which is listed on the New York Stock Exchange. Thus, the revenues generated by the company are closely monitored by its stockholders. The return on stockholders’ equity has fluctuated greatly since 2012. This means that the amount of money returned to shareholders as a percentage of the amount they have invested or retained in the company has varied significantly throughout that period. 
 The statistic shows a ranking on the leading countries based on their share of Facebook users worldwide as of January 2018. During the measured period, the United States accounted for 11 percent of the global Facebook population. India accounted for 12 percent of total Facebook users worldwide, having finally overtaken the United States in terms of Facebook user figures. 
 The statistic shows a market share breakdown of the global smartwatch / consumer wearables market in 2014. Samsung's share of the smartwatch market was 23 percent. The smartwatch market - additional information The wearable technology industry is a new and expanding market, with rapidly growing revenues and innovative new players entering the market. The revenue of the global wearables market stood at almost 1.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2014 and is expected to grow to 5.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Wearable products include smart glasses, hearables, smart health devices, smart watches and fitness trackers or even smart jewelry and clothing. Smartwatches are devices worn around the wrist that feature a vast array of functions, aside from time-telling. They can collect data from the wearer’s body or environment, such as heart rate, calorie consumption, and blood pressure or outside temperature. Additionally, they can connect via Bluetooth to a smartphone and perform a number of actions, like GPS navigation or video-calling. According to forecasts, almost 25 million smartwatches will be sold in 2015 worldwide, 7.4 million units in North America alone. The revenue of smartwatch sales is predicted to reach 3.1 billion U.S. dollars in the United States in 2015. As of 2015, the leader of the smartwatch market is Samsung. Other important players are Pebble, Fitbit, Sony, Lenovo and LG. With the introduction of the Apple Watch at the beginning of 2015, Apple is expected to also become a strong competitor in the near future. A total of 89 companies debuted smart watches in 2014 and many more are expected to bring smartwatches to the market in 2015. 
 As of the third quarter of 2019, it was found that 13 percent of Tumblr users in the United States accessed the social platform several times a day. A further 17 percent of respondents claimed that they used Tumblr on a daily basis. 
 In 2018, there were about 11.85 million registered vessels in the United States, down from 11.96 million the previous year. Recreational boating - additional information According to the U.S. Coast Guard, there were just short of 12 million registered recreational boating vessels in the United States in 2016. The number of registered vessels grew steadily from 8.58 million in 1980, reaching peaks of 12.88 million in 2001 and 12.94 million in 2005, before gradually starting to decline. Recreational boating is the use of a boating vessel for leisure purposes. This often only involves travel on the water itself but can also include water related activities such as fishing. It is a popular activity in the U.S., with rising participation in recent years. In 2014, 87.3 million U.S. adults participated in recreational boating. The most popular type of boat used for recreational boating in the U.S. is the outboard boat. Outboard boats are usually small watercraft with a motor attached to the outside of vessel. While they are the most common type of boat in use, the number of outboard boats sold annually in the U.S. has declined significantly since 2000. In 2013, around 135 thousand outboard boats were sold at an average unit price of 22 thousand U.S. dollars. Between 2000 and 2013, the average unit price increased markedly, which is perhaps a reason for the declining sales volume during those years. 
 This statistic gives information on the most popular apparel brands on Twitter, ranked by number of followers on the social network. As of July 2018, lingerie retailer Victoria's Secret (Limited Brands) was ranked second with more than 11.27 million Twitter followers. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Romania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Romania amounted to around 12,269.84 U.S. dollars. 
 The unemployment rate of the United States has been steadily decreasing since the 2008 financial crisis, but by 2030, it is projected that the unemployment rate will increase to 4.5 percent. This would be an increase from 3.7 percent in 2019. Falling unemployment The unemployment rate, or the part of the U.S. labor force that is without a job, fell to an almost 30 year low in 2018. This is particularly notable after the 2008 financial crisis, which caused unemployment in the U.S. to soar from 4.6 percent in 2007 to 9.6 percent in 2010. Since 2010, the unemployment rate has been falling steadily, meaning that more and more people are finding work, whether that be through full-time employment or part-time employment. U.S. unemployment in comparison Compared to unemployment rates in the European Union, U.S. unemployment is relatively low. Greece was hit particularly hard by the 2008 financial crisis and faced a government debt crisis that sent the Greek economy into a tailspin. Due to this crisis, Greece still has the highest unemployment rate in the European Union. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in the Bahamas from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in the Bahamas was at approximately 11.5 percent. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Sri Lanka from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Sri Lanka's gross domestic product amounted to around 88.9 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Croatia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Croatia amounted to about 1.5 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic presents the frequency of internet usage in Canada as of January 2018. During the survey period it was found that 89 percent of Canadian internet users accessed the internet daily, and one percent accessed it less than once per month. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in South Africa from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in South Africa was at 53.18 percent. 
 This statistic shows the share of consumers who have purchased a meal from a food truck in the United States as of November 2014, by age group. During the survey, 48 percent of respondents aged between 45 and 54 years said they had bought food from a food truck. In 2015, the value of the food truck industry in the U.S. reached 856.7 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the total contribution of travel and tourism to GDP in Greece from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. Over this period, the contribution of the travel and tourism industry to GDP in Greece has increased, reaching 35 billion euros in 2017. 
 This graph shows the number of Political Action Committees (PACs) active in the United States in 2015, distinguished by committee type. In 2015, there were total 1,738 active corporate political active committees in the United States. 
 India had the highest export volume of rice worldwide, at 12.5 million metric tons as of 2018/2019. Thailand was the second largest rice exporter, with about 10.3 million metric tons of rice worldwide in that year. Global rice supply In the last few years, the global rice supply amounted to over 700 million metric tons of milled equivalent each year. The production of milled rice was projected to increase to over 495 million metric tons worldwide in 2018/2019. Among the many varieties of rice, Pak Basmati rice had the highest export price and India 25% rice the lowest average export price per ton in 2017. Global rice consumption Between 2008 and 2019, global rice consumption increased by over 50 million metric tons, from 437 million metric tons to around 490 million metric tons. In 2018/2019, the top three countries for rice consumption were China, India, and Indonesia. That year, nearly 143.8 million metric tons of rice was consumed in China. 
 Iron ore production in the United States has undergone a period of decline in recent years. As of 2019 estimates suggest that there were just 48 metric tons of or produced in the U.S. Iron ore is an important mineral substance that is used in the iron and steel industry. Iron Ore Iron ore is mined in about 50 countries globally and is used almost exclusively to create steel. As of 2016 the region with the largest production of iron ore is Oceania, followed by South America. Despite seeing some decline in U.S. production, the global gross weight of iron ore production worldwide has been relatively stable in recent years. Iron Ore in the U.S.Iron ore consumption has been on the decline in the U.S. in recent years. However, trade U.S. iron ore remains relatively stable. With some decline in recent years, the shipments of iron ore from the U.S. have recently begun to increase. The United States is still importing ore despite declining consumption in recent years. As of 2019, the majority of iron ore imports to the U.S. come from Brazil. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Poland from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Polish population was 39.7 years. 
 The statistic illustrates a market size forecast of the worldwide portable navigation device (PND) and car navigation market from 2005 to 2015. The global PND and car navigation market size is projected to be 51 million units in 2015. 
 This graph depicts the the percentage of tickets sold at the Olympic Summer Games from 1984 to 2016. In 1988, 75 percent of available tickets were sold for the Olympic Games in Seoul, South Korea. 
 The timeline depicts how many inboard boats (ski/wakeboard boats) were sold in each year from 2000 to 2014. In 2010, 5,000 ski and wakeboard boats were sold in the United States, a decrease of 23.1 percent compared to the previous year. The average price of a ski/wakeboard boat in the U.S. was 57,442 U.S. dollars in 2010, this rose to 77,032 by 2013. More statistics and facts on recreational boating
 This statistic shows the monthly number of new Vauxhall cars registered in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. In December 2019, there were roughly 6,200 new Vauxhall cars registered in the UK. This value is around half the number sold in December 2018. Despite the fall in sales volume and a loss of market share in 2019, Vauxhall is one of the leading car companies in the UK. The peaks seen in March and September are due to the issuing of new registration plates by the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency. 
 This statistic shows the total number of students enrolled in Canadian universities from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, around 1.34 million students were enrolled in Canadian universities. 
 Amazon not only boasts a hugely successful online retail platform but also a thriving digital marketplace which is seamlessly integrated with the main retail shopping experience. In the fourth quarter of 2019, 53 percent of paid units were sold by third-party sellers. In 2018, nearly three-quarters of Amazon seller businesses had between just one and five employees. 1P and 3P Amazon sellers There are many ways of selling on Amazon. Firstly there are first-party (1P) vendor sales, where vendors send their inventory to Amazon, who in turn control the pricing and include “ships from and sold by Amazon.com” on product listings. The benefits of 1P sales on Amazon are wholesale purchases from Amazon, priority selling and brand trust through Amazon’s credibility as a seller. Amazon also permits third-party (3P) sales on its marketplace. Both individuals and professional sellers can sell on Amazon Marketplace. When it comes to order fulfillment, possible options are Fulfillment by Amazon (FBA) and Fulfillment by Merchant (FBM). Items are displayed as “sold by MERCHANT and Fulfilled by Amazon / Fulfilled by MERCHANT”. 3P sales are a popular strategy for sellers to make up for certain 1P sales disadvantages, namely improved margins through better pricing control, more favorable payment terms and less reliance on the relationship with Amazon. According to a 2018 survey of Amazon sellers, almost half of all businesses generated 81 to 100 percent of their revenues from Amazon sales. Amazon seller revenues In the end, all of this benefits Amazon. In 2018, Amazon generated 42.75 billion U.S. dollars in third-party seller service revenues, up from 31.88 billion U.S. dollars in the previous year. Seller-service revenues account for the second-largest revenue segment of the online retail platform, after retail product sales and ahead of Amazon Web Service revenues. 
 In its 2018 fiscal year, Canon reported net sales of around 3.9 trillion Japanese Yen, or approximately 35.7 billion U.S. dollars. This figure represents a small decline in sales compared to the previous year but still lies well above the annual revenues reported in 2016. Canon Canon is a Japanese company which specializes in the design and manufacture of cameras, printers, and other imaging devices. The brand is extremely popular within the United States, controlling a large portion of the overall digital camera and camcorder market across all income levels. Although most well-known for its various successful digital camera products, Canon’s biggest segment in terms of revenue generation includes its office products such as printers and presses. One of the few digital camera manufacturers which has demonstrated the ability to adapt to changing consumer electronics trends, Canon continues to rank as one of the most valuable brand names in the world even as digital camera sales shrink due to the prevalence of smartphones. 
 Total visits to Smithsonian museums and institutions dropped slightly in 2018 to 28.5 million, down from 30 million in the previous year. What is the Smithsonian? The Smithsonian is a group of museums and research centers run by the U.S. Government and mostly based in the District of Columbia. Public entry to all Smithsonian museums is free, with funds being provided through federal budget appropriations and donations. In 2018 the National Air and Space Museum was the most visited of the Smithsonian institutions, attracting 6.3 million visitors in 2018. Museums in the U.S. and globally The Smithsonian is by far the largest not-for-profit cultural institution in United States, receiving over three times the revenue of the next largest, the Metropolitan Museum of Art. The comparison is perhaps a little misleading though, given that the Smithsonian is a group of institutions. If assessed in terms of a single institution, the Metropolitan Museum of Art has higher visitor numbers and any single Smithsonian museum, and in 2018 was the third-most visited art museum in the world. 
 More people are using Facebook in Europe than ever before, with the company recording 385 million monthly active users (MAUs) in the second quarter of 2019. That represents a growth of six million active users from the previous quarter, and 121 million users from the fourth quarter of 2012. It also marks the third consecutive period of growth, after the company lost millions of MAU at the same time news of the Cambridge Analytica scandal broke. Monthly active users worldwide In the fourth quarter of 2008 Facebook provided a service for just 100 million active users. As of the fourth quarter of 2013, that number had risen to an astounding 2.32 billion MAUs. The number of MAUs has never taken a backward step during that time. Growth outside of Europe and North America Facebook continues to focus on regions outside of Europe and North America, and the reward of this effort can be seen in areas such as the Asia Pacific Region, where the company has seen significant gains in terms of growing the active user base. Facebook just broke the 600 million daily active user (DAU) barrier in the first quarter of 2019, an improvement on the quarter before. 
 The statistic shows Los Angeles Rams players with the most rushing yards in franchise history. Steven Jackson is the career rushing leader of the Los Angeles Rams with 10,138 yards. 
 This statistic presents the number of brand sponsored influencer posts on Instagram from 2016 to 2020. In 2018, there were 3.7 million brand sponsored influencer posts on the social platform. The volume of sponsored content on Instagram is projected to amount to 4.95 million posts in 2019. 
 This statistic illustrates selected key figures for the motorcycle manufacturer Ducati in the fiscal year of 2018. The Volkswagen-owned motorcycle manufacturer reported sales of around 53,000 units in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the total number of farmers markets in the United States from 1994 to 2014. In 2014, there were a total of 8,268 directory listings for farmers markets throughout the United States. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Georgia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Georgia amounted to about 2.62 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue generated in the global sports market from 2005 to 2017. By 2017, the global sports market was expected to generate revenue of around 91 billion U.S. dollars. In that same year, revenue from the sports merchandising market in North America was expected to reach 14.2 billion U.S. dollars 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Carolina Panthers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Carolina Panthers was 72,220. 
 This statistic shows the upland spot cotton price per pound in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In calendar year 2017, the average spot price per one pound of upland cotton was about 86.4 U.S. cents. 
 The turnover of the Italian luxury brand Gianni Versace has increased twofold over the period surveyed, growing from roughly 214 million euros in 2011 to 508 million euros in the year 2018. Despite the steady increase in turnover during the period considered, the company reported a net loss of approximately 25 million euros in 2018. Worldwide recognition Founded in 1978 in Milan, Gianni Versace is one of the leading international fashion design houses. The company manufactures, distributes and retails fashion and lifestyle products including high-end clothing, accessories, jewelry, eyewear, fragrances, and home furnishings. The brand Versace is one of the symbols of Italian luxury worldwide and, thanks to a strong marketing strategy and a very recognizable style, the company ranks among the most followed luxury brands on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter . Italian brands, foreign ownership Due to unfavorable economic conditions in Italy, Versace is one among several Italian brands that was acquired by larger international groups. In 2018, Versace announced that it was acquired by the Group Michael Kors Limited (later renamed Capri Holdings Limited) forming a global fashion luxury group together with the brands Michael Kors and Jimmy Choo. 
 This statistic displays the number of asylum applications in Sweden in 2015 and 2016, with a forecast to 2020. In 2015, asylum applications made in Sweden amounted to roughly 163 thousands. 
 This statistic displays a projection of the CAGR for the global digital health market from 2015 to 2020, by segment. During this period, the mobile health market's compound annual growth rate is expected to be around 41 percent. The digital health market is expected to reach over 200 billion U.S. dollars by 2020 driven particularly by the mobile health market. 
 The statistic shows a growth forecast for the global home automation market in 2020 and shows the actual projected market value of the home automation market in 2013. For 2020, the global smart home automation market is forecasted to reach 21 billion U.S. dollars. The predicted compound annual growth rate between 2013 and 2020 should be 26.3 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditure on cleansing and toilet tissue, paper towels and napkins per consumer unit in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2017, the country's average expenditure on cleansing and toilet tissue, paper towels and napkins amounted to 119.8 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. 
 This statistic shows the direct investment position of the United States in Russia from 2000 to 2018, on a historical-cost basis. In 2018, the U.S. investments made in Russia were valued at approximately 17.8 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. direct investment abroad is defined as ownership by a U.S. investor of at least 10 percent of a foreign business. The direct investor is known as a U.S. parent, and the U.S.-owned foreign business is known as a foreign affiliate. The total direct position of the United States abroad amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 In 2018, the Swatch Group's global revenues amounted to 8.48 billion CHF. The Swatch Group Ltd. is a Swiss company which primarily manufactures watches. Swatch The Swatch Group was formed in 1983 through the merging of two Swiss watch manufacturers: ASUAG and SSIH. The company took its present name in 1998 and had over 35 thousand employees worldwide as of 2017. Swatch’s country of origin, Switzerland, was a leading watch exporter in 2018. Swatch is the signature watch of the Swatch Group. The company has acquired numerous watchmaker companies, including Balmain, Omega, and Hamilton over the course of its history. Omega is the official time-keeping brand of sporting events such as the PGA tour and Olympic Games. How does Swatch compare to other watchmakers? In 2017, Swatch held the largest share of the luxury watch market, ranking above companies such as Rolex and Richemont. In 2016, Swatch and Omega, both part of the Swatch Group, were ranked among the most valuable Swiss watch brands in the world.
 This statistic depicts a ranking of the top U.S. for-profit hospital operators based on number of hospitals as of July 2019. At this point, the Hospital Corporation of America, based in Nashville, Tennessee, was ranked first in the United States, with a total of 185 hospitals. Hospitals in the United States Currently, there are approximately 6,210 hospitals in the United States. Looking over the past decades, this figure was constantly decreasing. For example, there were nearly 7,000 hospitals in 1980. There are some 5.3 million persons employed in U.S. hospitals in full-time. Contrary to the decrease in the number of hospitals, employment has been increasing steadily. According to the Bureau of Economic Analysis, U.S. hospitals generate a total gross output of around 895 billion U.S. dollars. The largest portion of U.S. hospitals are non-profit facilities. A smaller share includes private-owned for-profit hospitals. In most cases, these hospitals are part of hospital chains. For-profit hospitals developed especially in the 1990s, with the aim to gain profit for their shareholders. The Hospital Corporation of America, based in Nashville, Tennessee, is the U.S. for-profit hospital operator with the highest number of hospitals. 
 This statistic shows the largest cruise ships worldwide in 2019, by gross tonnage. As of 2019, the Allure of the Seas and the Oasis of the Seas, both of the Royal Caribbean line, were the second largest cruise ships in the world with a gross tonnage of approximately 225 thousand. 
 When the Grammy Awards were introduced in 1959, 28 different categories were available in which to win an award. In 2009, the number reached its highest level with 110 categories, and in 2019, awards were presented in 84 categories. Grammy Awards categories - additional information The first edition of the Grammy Awards (originally called the Gramophone Award) was held on May 4, 1959 simultaneously on both American coasts: one ceremony took place in the Grand Ballroom of the Beverly Hilton, in Los Angeles, while another function was held in New York City. On January 28, 2018 the award show held its 60th edition. The Grammys are awarded by members of the United States National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences (NARAS) in recognition of excellence in the recording arts and sciences. Since the year 2000, the Latin Grammy Awards is a separate ceremony, which honors excellence in musical works recorded in either Spanish or Portuguese, notwithstanding their country of origin. The number of categories has fluctuated since the first edition of the Grammys, reflecting changes in the music industry in terms of technologies and trends. In the first edition, only 28 Grammy categories were presented, such as Best Vocal Performance, Best Jazz Performance, Best Comedy Performance and Best Recording for Children. Nowadays the Grammys recognizes music videos, films, and remixed recordings as well as traditional formats. 
 As of December 2019, there were over 15,500 grocery stores in Canada. Micro grocery stores, which employ between one and four employees, were the most widespread type of grocery store in Canada. There were 5,648 micro grocery stores located across Canada at this time. Why are there more smaller grocery stores? One explanation for the prominence of small and micro grocery stores in Canada is the rise of convenience shopping. Time is increasingly important to consumers, and therefore, offering a quick and easy shopping experience is key to capturing customers. Sixty percent of Canadians make micro-trips to grocery stores at least once a week. A micro-trip is defined as an in-store trip lasting less than five minutes. Stores must continue to optimize their size and layouts to accommodate for such shoppers. The Canadian grocery marketRetail sales of supermarkets and other grocery stores amounted to around 84.13 billion Canadian dollars in 2018, an increase of over ten percent 2012. Loblaws was the leading grocery retailer in Canada in 2017, commanding around 29 percent of the total market. Sobeys was their biggest competitor with a 21 percent share. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Washington Redskins, franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Washington Redskins was 493 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the number of pubs, bars and nightclubs in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2008 to 2012. There were 52,000 of these establishments, compared to almost 61,000 in 2008. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Uganda from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Uganda was at about 33.8 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic provides information on the social network penetration in India from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, it was estimated that 31 percent of the Indian population will be accessing social networks, up from 24 percent in 2018. 
 Online advertising revenue in the United States grew by 21.8 percent in 2018 compared to 2017, from 88 billion to 107 billion U.S dollars. This is the first time the figure has surpassed 100 billion dollars, owing to the emergence of new channels and formats including virtual and augmented reality, podcasts and OTT content as well as strong growth from existing channels such as mobile. Online advertising at a glance Search is dominating the internet advertising scene among the remaining formats in the United States, with a 45 percent share. Banner follows, accounting for 31 percent of ad revenues, and 15 percent is attributed to digital video ads. The largest revenue share came from the performance-based pricing model, where buyers pay for quantifiable user reactions to online advertising. Cost per click, sales and leads are a few examples of such reactions. Close to 62 percent of online ad revenue is generated via this type of pricing model, while 35 percent were priced based on cost-per-mille. Consumer attitudes to online ads In an early 2018 survey it was found that less than 20 percent of U.S. adults admitted to liking online ads be it on websites or in video clips, and the majority said they disliked online advertising in general. Unsurprisingly, younger generations in the United States find internet ads more relevant today than they did two years prior. This is especially true for the 57 percent of Millennials who noticed a positive change, with only 10 percent saying they thought online ads had become less relatable. Conversely, ten percent of seniors in the country thought internet advertising had become more relevant to their needs in the last two years. 
 This statistic displays the seasonally-adjusted unemployment rate among persons between 16 and 24 years in the United States on a monthly basis. Seasonal adjustment is a statistical method for removing the seasonal component of a time series that is used when analyzing non-seasonal trends. Youth unemployment stood at 8.2 percent in January 2020. Unemployment rate by state can be found here, and the annual national unemployment rate can be found here. Youth unemployment in the United States The United States Bureau of Labor Statistics track unemployment of persons between the ages of 16 and 24 years each month. In analyzing the data, the Bureau of Labor Statistics performed a seasonal adjustment—removing seasonal influences from the time series, such that one month’s rate of unemployment could be analyzed in comparison with another month’s rate of unemployment. During the period in question, youth unemployment ranged from a high of nine percent in January 2019, to a low of 7.9 percent in October 2019. The national youth unemployment rate can be compared to the annual national unemployment rate in the United States. In 2018, annual US unemployment was at 3.7 percent, down from 9.6 percent unemployment in 2010. Additionally, as of December 2019, Alaska had the highest state unemployment rate of all U.S. states, at 6.1 percent unemployment. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rates in major industrial and emerging countries in 2017. In India, the estimated unemployment rate in 2017 was at 8.8 percent. 
 The trade union density for the United Kingdom in 2018 was 23.4 percent, an increase of 0.01 percent when compared with 2017. In 1995, the share of employees who were members of a trade union was 32.4 percent, nine percent more than 2018. Uniting the unions In 2016/17 one the biggest Trade Unions in the United Kingdom was Unite, with a membership of over 1.28 million people. Unite was created in 2007 through the merger of Amicus and the Transport and General Workers Union, with Amicus itself being created in 2002 through the merger of the Manufacturing Science and Finance Union and the Amalgamated Engineering and Electrical Union. Unions in decline The decline in union membership as well as the mergers of smaller unions has led to decrease in the number of trade unions. Compared with 1999/2000 there were 84 fewer unions in 2016/17. Of these unions seven had memberships of 250 thousand or more, and 23 had less than 100. 
 This statistic shows the cumulative total of Tumblr posts from May 2011 to April 2019. In the most recently measured period, the social platform surpassed 171.5 billion posts, up from 160 billion posts in the corresponding period of the previous year. Tumblr and user-generated content Tumblr is a blog-based microblogging site and social networking platform based on user-generated content which is uploaded to individual users’ blogs. As of April 2019, the social network had surpassed 463 million user blogs. Tumblr users commonly post multimedia such as pictures, animated gifs or digital videos as well as short-form written content. The website is mainly accessed through a dashboard interface and users are able to customize their personal blogs. 
 This graph shows the population density in the federal state of California from 1960 to 2018. In 2018, the population density of California stood at 253.9 residents per square mile of land area. 
 This statistic gives information on the average age of active Twitter users in selected countries. As of October 2013, South Korea had the second-youngest Twitter user base with an average age of 18.39 years. In Italy, active Twitter users averaged 32 years. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Curaçao national football team from 2011 to 2019. Curaçao appeared on the FIFA member list first in March 2011, as the successor of the Netherlands Antilles. As of 2019, Curaçao is placed 79th on the FIFA World Ranking. They reached their highest rank in 2016, with a 75th place, whereas their lowest ranking was in 2013, when they were positioned on a 178th place. 
 The statistic illustrates the number of households with clothes dryers in the United States in 2009, by energy source. In 2009, 71.8 million U.S. households owned a electric clothes dryer. As of 2009, almost 80 percent of U.S. households had a clothes dryer. 
 The statistic represents the total number of Medicare home health agencies in the United States from 1967 to 2017. In 2007, there were 9,024 such home health agencies. As of 2017 the number increased to some 11,593. Home health agencies (HHA) are primarily engaged in providing skilled nursing services and other therapeutic services. 
 This statistic presents the number of people aware of eSports worldwide in 2015, witha forecast until 2019. In 2015, 809 million people worldwide were aware of eSports . This number is projected to reach 1.57 billion in 2019. 
 This statistic represents the number of ABB Group employees from the fiscal year of 2010 to the fiscal year of 2018. In its 2018 fiscal year, the Switzerland-based electronics company employed 146,600 people worldwide. 
 This statistic presents the brand value of lululemon from 2012 to 2015. In 2015, lululemon's brand value was approximately 1.15 billion U.S. dollars.The athletic apparel producer is a lifestyle brand that is targeted primarily towards active females promoting a healthy, balanced and fun lifestyle. The company was founded in 1998 in Vancouver, British Columbia. 
 This timeline depicts book store sales in the United States from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, U.S. book store sales came to about 10.28 billion U.S. dollars down from 15.24 billion U.S. dollars in 2010. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of employees working at Whirlpool Corp. as of the end of the years 2005 to 2019. In 2019, the company employed approximately 77,000 employees. 
 This graph shows the population density in the federal state of Texas from 1960 to 2018. In 2018, the population density of Texas stood at 109.9 residents per square mile of land area. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Egypt from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Egypt was at 32.43 percent. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy at birth in China from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, the average life expectancy at birth in China had reached about 76.4 years.Demographic development in China – additional information Life expectancy at birth refers to the average number of years a group of people born in the same year would live, assuming constant mortality rates. The country with the highest life expectancy at birth was Japan, while China had reached a life expectancy above global average. People who were born in Japan in 2009 had a life expectancy of approximately 82.9 years on average. Whereas average life expectancy at birth has been growing steadily, birth rates in China have been experiencing a slowdown. In 2012, less than 12 babies had been born per 1,000 women in China. As a result of low fertility rates and the extended life expectancy in China, share of elderly people had been rising rapidly. The number of Chinese population aged 60 and older had more than doubled over the past three decades and is projected to reach its peak at 454.36 million in 2050. People aged 65 and older have been estimated to account for approximately one fourth of China’s total population, indicating a sharp climb from just above eight percent in 2010. In order to pinpoint this massive shift in the age pyramid of China, an important indicator for measuring the pressure of aging population on productive population may be consulted. The old-age dependency ratio in China was expected to reach 39 percent in 2050. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Hong Kong from 1950 to 2050*. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Hong Kong's population was 43.2 years. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Uganda from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the population in Uganda was 15.9 years. 
 This statistic presents the average number of mobile apps actively used by mobile internet users in selected countries as of January 2014. During a global survey, it was found that mobile internet users in France used an average of 7.9 mobile apps on a monthly basis. 
 This timeline shows the projected year-on-year retail e-commerce sales growth in India from 2017 to 2022. In 2017, retail e-commerce sales revenues in India increased 24.8 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistics presents the unemployment rate in Australia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Unemployment occurs when people are without work, it is also known as joblessness. In order that the prevalence of unemployment can be measured, a calculation is made by the division of the number of unemployed individuals by all individuals currently in the labor force, this yields a percentage rate. In 2018, about 5.29 percent of the Australian population had been unemployed.Unemployment in Australia The rising rate of Australian unemployment and the employment slowdown poses a challenge for the new Australian administration. The prevalence of youth unemployment will be a particular challenge, as the rate of full-time jobseekers in the 15 to 19 year-old age group rose to 25.5 percent in early July. The adult unemployment rate in 2013 was at just over 5.6 percent. The problem of youth unemployment is a direct result of the marked reduction in the number of entry-level jobs in the labor market in the past few decades. With an ageing workforce and an even more rapidly aging population, the problem is set to become even more serious. There is little doubt that a high rate of unemployment among the youth will have an adverse affect on the future productivity and retirement of the workforce of today. The unemployment rate in Australia is a serious problem. Long term unemployment - and the unemployed youth especially - will result in the loss of productivity in Australia and put greater pressure on the health, welfare systems and other public services in the future. Unemployment inevitably leads to poor living standards and poverty, which is why it is something to be tackled. 
 This statistic depicts BP's expenditure on research and development from 2010 to 2018. In 2011, the company's R&D expenditure stood at approximately 636 million U.S. dollars. BP is a globally operating oil and gas company, and the eighth largest company generally worldwide as of 2017, measured by revenue. It is headquartered in London, UK. Until 2018, R&D spending decreased to some 429 million dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Rocky Mountain National Park in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Rocky Mountain National Park amounted to approximately 4.67 million in 2019. 
 This statistic represents the household consumption of electricity per capita in Malaysia from the year 2000 to 2016. In 2016, household consumption of electricity per capita in Malaysia was about 935 kilowatts per hour. 
 This statistic depicts the consolidated sales of L'Oreal worldwide from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, L'Oreal's consolidated sales worldwide amounted to about 27 billion euros. L'Oreal is the world's largest cosmetics and beauty company, concentrating on hair color, skin care, sun protection, make-up, perfumes, and hair care. By 2018, the beauty expert is forecast to generate sales of approximately 28.61 trillion euros worldwide. The company is also the leading nano-technology patent-holder in the United States. 
 The unemployment rate in Sweden decreased since 2013, when it was eight percent, down to 6.3 percent in 2018. However, the employment rate increased in 2019, when it was measured at 6.8 percent. The unemployment rate among men has been higher than for women for many years, but in 2019 it was 6.7 percent, which was 0.2 percentage point lower than the 6.9 percent among women. The highest unemployment rate in Sweden in this period was 8.6 percent, which occurred in 2010 and was a result of the 2008 financial crisis. Unemployment benefits As unemployed in Sweden, there is a possibility to receive unemployment benefits (A-kassa). To receive these benefits, the unemployed person needs to be registered at the Swedish Public Employment Service, needs to be ready to take on a job at any time, and needs to have had a job for at least six months during the last year. In 2018, almost 224 thousand individuals in Sweden received these unemployment benefits. Kommunalarbetarnas had the most recipients The unemployment benefit system in Sweden is administrated by 27 different insurance systems, based on the occupation of the employed or unemployed. Kommunalarbetarnas (the Municipal workers’) was the unemployment insurance that paid out unemployment benefits to the most recipients in 2018, amounting to around 45 thousand. 
 This statistic displays the number of enterprises in Spain in 2018, by number of employees. Small companies were the most common type of enterprise in Spain, with a total number of firms with no employees which reached approximately 1.8 million. On the other side of the coin, only 118 companies had 5000 or more employees in Spain in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New Orleans Saints games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 97.72 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median hourly earnings for part-time employees (excluding overtime pay and hours) in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2006 to 2019. From 7.00 British pounds in 2006, the median hourly earnings for part-time employees increased by 2.94 pounds to reach the latest 2019 figure, amounting to 9.94 pounds. 
 In 2017, the inflation rate of the United Arab Emirates was at 1.97 percent compared to the previous year. For 2018, estimates show a sharp increase of over 3.07 percent, before inflation slumps back to around two percent in 2024. Oil is keeping everything afloat The economy of the United Arab Emirates heavily relies on oil and its respective revenues. The UAE possess vast stable oil reserves, and crude oil production is steadily increasing. Naturally, oil exports – mostly to the Asia-Pacific region – are the main economic driver, and the industrial and services sectors have divided generation of GDP almost evenly among themselves. Oil has caused the UAE economy to thrive and caused an impressive trade surplus just a few years ago, before a dramatic (but still not overly concerning) slump. Oil is dragging everything down When oil prices decreased, so did the trade surplus, and inflation mirrored this by skyrocketing from around one percent to over four percent in three years. Another three years later, in 2018, it spiked again at over 3.5 percent – another response to dropping oil prices. Diversifying the economy is one way for the UAE to diminish oil’s monopoly; tourism has been a growing industry over the last few years and might just stabilize inflation if another oil price slump hits. 
 This survey details the responses of employees as to whether they are happy in their current job across three world regions. 54% of respondents in the Americas answered yes to this question. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Israel from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Israel had amounted to about 0.81 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic presents information on the share of Twitch viewership worldwide in 2018, by country. According to the source, the United States account for over 20 percent of Twitch's traffic worldwide. 
 Of all the countries in the world, China had, by far, the largest international reserves in August 2019, with 3.38 trillion U.S. dollars in reserves and foreign currency liquidity. Japan was the only other country with over a trillion U.S. dollars in reserves, with a total of 1.38 trillion U.S. dollars. Why do countries hold reserves? A simple explanation for China’s accumulation of foreign currency could be its consistently positive and substantial trade balance. When China exports goods and services, it accepts the foreign currency, usually U.S. dollars, and holds that currency in reserve. In addition to facilitating trade, most countries, including China, also hold foreign exchange reserves to ensure the stability of their currencies and facilitate other foreign transactions. Other significant reserves Even though most of the world left the gold standard in 1971, most countries still retain large gold reserves. The United States, followed by Germany and Italy, held the largest amount of gold reserves worldwide as of December 2018. 
 This statistic shows the heads of state and government with the highest annual salaries. 
 In the third quarter of 2019, the Information Technology (IT) sector of the Technical Consumer Goods industry generated a revenue of approximately 2.302 billion British pounds. This represents growth of five percent on Q3 2018. Revenue is traditionally higher during the fourth quarter of each year, exceeding three billion British pounds in Q4 2018, the first time that mark had been broken since Q4 2012. Year on year growth in technical consumer goods The Technical Consumer Goods industry grew by 6.4 percent from Q1 2018 to Q1 2018, generating revenue amounting to 8.563 billion British pounds in Q1 2019. This included 2.85 billion British pounds generated from telecommunications consumer goods, and 930 million British pounds from consumer electronics. IT consumer goods in Western Europe The 2.575 billion British pounds generated in the United Kingdom makes up a significant chunk of the total revenue generated in Western Europe. In 2019 the IT sector of the Technical Consumer Goods industry generated revenues totaling 14.86 billion euros. 
 Berlin-based online fashion retailer Zalando is one of the fastest-growing companies not just in Germany, but in Europe. While its active customer base expands with each year, Zalando’s annual net income suffered a major blow in the financial year 2018, going from 101.6 million to 51.2 million euros between 2017 and 2018. A great turnaround in 2014 Zalando delivered its sunniest results in 2015, when its net income equaled 121.5 million euros as displayed in this chart. After four consecutive years of loss, Zalando’s online fashion business flourished, which was helped by the company’s foray into various European markets. Not just online Besides its primary online business, Zalando also sells its products in its brick-and-mortar stores “Zalando Outlets” in five locations across Germany. Keen on bridging online and physical retail, the company announced later in 2018 that more Zalando Outlet stores in different German cities were on their way to meet customers. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Saudi Arabia from 2015 to 2023. In 2019, the number of Facebook users in Saudi Arabia is expected to reach 14.8 million, up from 13.9 million in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the development of the world population from 1950 to 2050. The world population was around 7.38 billion people in 2015. The global population As shown above, the total number of people living on Earth has more than doubled since the 1950s, and continues to increase. A look at the development of the world population since the beginning of the Common Era shows that such a surge in numbers is unprecedented. The first significant rise in population occurred during the 14th century, after the Black Death had killed approximately 25 million people worldwide. Subsequently, the global population increased slowly but steadily until it reached record numbers between 1950 and 2000. The majority of the global population lives on the Asian continent, as a statistic of the world population by continent shows. In around 100 years, it is estimated that population levels on the African continent will have reached similar levels to those we see in Asia today. As for a forecast of the development of the world population, the figures are estimated to have reached more than 10 billion by the 22nd century. Growing population numbers pose an increasing risk to the planet, since rocketing numbers equal increased consumption of food and resources. Scientists worry that natural resources, such as oil, and food resources will become scarce, endangering the human race and, even more so, the world’s ecosystem. Nowadays, the number of undernourished / starving people worldwide has decreased slightly, but forecasts paint a darker picture. 
 This statistic shows the per capita consumption of bottled water in Europe in 2017. In this year, Italy was the leading market for the consumption of bottled water with 188 liters of bottled water consumed per person and Germany was the second largest consumer of bottled water with 175 liters consumed per person. Bottled water in the European Union is predominantly made up of the natural mineral water category.Germany is the market with the largest amount of different mineral water brands. Water is the second most popular non-alcoholic beverage when based on value and compared to soft drinks as a whole. Per capita consumption levels of packaged water are currently on the rise as consumers opt for healthier alternatives to sugar-based beverages. 
 This statistic shows the global eSports market revenue from 2012 to 2022. In 2018, the global eSports market was valued at nearly 865 million U.S. dollars. According to the source's estimates, global eSports market revenue will reach 1.79 billion U.S. dollars in 2022. The eSports industry is expected to grow rapidly in the coming years. In 2017, worldwide revenues generated in the eSports market amounted to 655 million U.S. dollars. At the pace of 22.3 percent CAGR, the market is expected to generate close to 1.8 billion U.S. dollars in revenue by 2022. The majority of these revenues come from sponsorships and advertising, and the rest from eSports betting, prize pools, tournaments, merchandise and ticket sales. In terms of revenues, Asia and North America represent the two largest eSports markets. While Asia contributed close to half of global eSports market revenue, generating 406 million U.S. dollars in 2017, the North American market brought in 392 million U.S. dollars in revenue, followed by the European market at 298 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of Twitter users in Saudi Arabia from 2014 to 2016. In 2015, the number of Twitter users in Saudi Arabia reached 4.57 million. 
 In 2020, Nicaragua was the Latin American country with the highest gender pay gap index, with 0.77 points. Mexico, on the other hand, had the worst score in the region with 0.46 points, which shows a gender pay gap of 54 percent (on average, women's income in Mexico was estimated to be 54 percent lower than men's). 
 This statistic shows the size of the employments in the Netherlands from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020. In 2018, the Netherlands had employments of around 8.78 million people. 
 This statistic shows average annual passenger numbers in United Kingdom (UK) airports as of 2013. With a yearly average of 70 million passengers London Heathrow was the most frequented UK airport, followed by London Gatwick with 34 million passengers and Manchester Airport with 20 million. 
 Which are the most popular Italian magazines? As of March 2019, the weekly magazine TV Sorrisi e Canzoni had the highest print and digital circulation in Italy, about 503 thousand copies. Published by Arnoldo Mondadori Editore, TV Sorrisi e Canzoni is a listings magazine, namely focusing on upcoming events like broadcast media shows, music, and films. Furthermore, Settimanale Di Più, by Cairo Editore, followed with a circulation of roughly 379 thousand copies. Moreover, another weekly magazine, Telesette, ranked third in the list.Readers of weekly newspapers in ItalyConsidering the popularity of weekly publications in Italy, it is interesting to understand the profile of their readers. As of March 2019, most Italians reading weekly newspapers were aged 65 and older. In fact, if looking at the readers’ occupations, data reveal that most of them were retirees.Readers of monthly magazines in ItalyWhen comparing readers of weekly newspapers with those of monthly magazines in Italy, the scenario changes. As of March 2019, most Italian readers of monthly publications were aged between 45 and 54. Moreover, although the number of retirees was consistent also in this case, most of them were employees. 
 This statistic shows the number of families with a single mother in the U.S. from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, there were around 15.05 million families with a female householder and no spouse present in the United States. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Chicago Bears from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Chicago Bears was 61,916. 
 In 2017 the United Kingdom suffered its worst terrorist attacks since 2005, with the Manchester Arena Bombing on May 22 claiming 22 lives and the London Bridge Attacks of June 3 where eight people were killed. The United Kingdom also suffered the highest number of attacks in Europe at 107, followed by France which had 54. Barcelona vehicle attack The Barcelona vehicle attack of 17 August 2017 was the second deadliest attack in this year. Terrorist attacks using a vehicle to deliberately drive though a crowd have been used more and more by terrorists in the mid to late 2010s. This tactic was used in the 2016 Nice truck attack, which targeted people celebrating Bastille Day and resulted in the deaths of 86 people, as well as the Berlin Christmas Market attack. Global casualties in 2017 In 2017, there were approximately 18.7 thousand deaths caused by terrorism, a decline of around seven thousand when compared with 2016. Prior to 2013 the number of deaths caused by terrorism worldwide showed a gradual pattern of decline, but after 2013, terrorist fatalities rose, reaching over 32.7 thousand in 2014. 
 In January 2020, iron ore was valued at approximately 95.76 U.S. dollars per dry metric ton unit (dmtu), as compared to 76.16 U.S. dollars per dmtu in January 2019. Iron ore price and production Iron ore refers to the minerals and rocks from which metallic iron is economically viable to extract. Pig iron, which is one of the raw materials used in steel production, is derived from iron ore. The price of iron ore has fluctuated a great deal in the last thirteen years. In 2003, one dmtu of iron ore cost 30 U.S. dollars, and increased to a high of 168 U.S. dollars per dmtu in 2011. The price has seen dramatic drops in the past decade, from 139.87 U.S. dollars per dry metric ton unit in March 2013 to a recent low of 40.50 U.S. dollars per dmtu in December 2015. Since then, the price has increased gradually to 95.76 U.S. dollars per dmtu as of January 2020. Overall, the global production of iron ore has not decreased since the prices have dropped. In fact, an increase in production among the world's largest iron ore producing countries was observed in the past five years. Australia produced 930 million metric tons of iron ore in 2019, an increase of 156 million metric tons over the country's 2014 production. China is also one of the world's largest iron ore producers, though its production is calculated differently than in other countries. Based primarily on the production of raw ore rather than usable ore, China produced an estimated 350 million metric tons in 2019, a notable decrease from 1.45 billion metric tons produced in 2013. 
 This statistic shows the total number of nurse workforce in registered nursing in Canada, sorted by province, in 2018. In Ontario, around 105,602 nurses were part of the registered nursing workforce, while in Quebec there were almost 72,000 nurses. 
 The statistic shows the number of crowdfunding platforms worldwide in 2012, by country. In that year, the majority of crowdfunding platforms were based in the United States and Europe. In 2012, there were 191 crowdfunding platforms in the United States. The crowdfunding age Crowdfunding or crowd financing has its roots in the American website ArtistShare, which was founded in the early 2000s. The idea and concept of crowd-sourced fundraising – the collective effort of individuals to pool together money online to support the efforts of individuals or organizations’ - had already proved itself to be a worthwhile idea. It was not unheard of prior to this that music fans would pool together money in order to support bands and musicians on their tours. After the initial pioneering stage of ArtistShare other platforms began to appear and the crowdfunding sector started to show strong signs of growth, in the United States initially and then in Europe. The direction of growth is cementing itself with each year that passes; growth in the number of crowdfunding platforms in 2012 was up 60 percent in 2011, a stark rise in the number of platforms has resulted in an increased funding volume, 2.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2012. Crowdfunding has been able to provide a means of access to funding for some enthusiastic entrepreneurs’ whose ideas have pleased the crowd. In the age of austerity and financial uncertainty, some see the role of such funding organizations as positive. Many banks in a number of countries are reluctant to make capital loans to small businesses, sparking accusations among some that lenders are failing to lend their support to a key potential area of economic growth. While the motivation behind the donations made is often unclear, it is a positive sign that people are willing to donate money to worth while causes in which they see a degree of merit. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Nepal from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Nepal was around 1.25 percent. 
 This statistic shows the number of refugees admitted to the U.S. from the fiscal year of 1990 to the fiscal year of 2019. During the fiscal year of 2019, 30,000 refugees were admitted to the United States. 
 This statistic presents the gross merchandise value (GMV) for Amazon.com from 2012 to 2015. As of 2015, Amazon's GMV amounted to 225.6 billion U.S. dollars, up from 166 billion U.S. dollars in the previous year. 
 Over the past decade, the birth rate in Italy has constantly decreased – in 2018 roughly 7.3 children were born per 1,000 inhabitants, about two infants less than in 2002. The region with the highest birth rate in the country was Torino-South Tyrol, where more than nine children were born per 1,000 of the population. Italian mothers older and older Similar to citizens of other European countries, Italians also postpone parenthood to a later age. While the average age of an Italian mother at childbirth in the 1990s was 29.9 years, in 2018 females giving birth were roughly two years older than women delivering at the end of the XXth twentieth century. Italy, a country with one of the lowest fertility rates in the world If compared with the fertility rates around the world, Italy turned out to be one of the 20 countries which registered the lowest fertility rate in 2017. The leader of the global ranking was Singapore, where roughly 0.8 babies were born per female. 
 This statistic shows the average annual price of American lobster in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, American lobster was priced at 4.15 U.S. dollars per pound on the average in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the United Kingdom's main export partners in 2017. In 2017, United States were the UK's most important export partner with a share of 13.2 percent of total exports. 
 The statistic shows the global death toll due to earthquakes from 2000 to 2015. Around 9,624 people died worldwide in 2015 as a result of earthquakes. Earthquakes Earthquakes are typically caused by the movement of the earth crusts. These movements cause vibrations which pass through and around the world. Earthquake Early Warning systems use seismic networks to detect earthquakes very rapidly so that these warnings can protect peoples' lives. Nevertheless, an earthquake may cause injury and death. According to the U.S. Geological Survey, over 316,000 people were killed in the earthquake in Haiti in 2010. With a total number of 3,000 killed people, the earthquake in San Francisco on April 18, 1906 is the earthquake that caused the most fatalities within the United States. The number of fatalities includes people killed by earthquakes and resulting fires in San Francisco. The global number of deaths due to earthquakes varies from year to year. In 2010, about 320,120 people died as a result of earthquakes worldwide. In 2012 earthquakes only caused 768 fatalities. The world’s strongest earthquake in the time period from 1990 and 2013, according to measurement in the Richter scale, was the earthquake in Chile in 1960. With a magnitude of 9.5 this earthquake is the highest ranked earthquake. The Richter scale helps to quantify the energy released by an earthquake. The magnitude of 9.0 and higher is defined as ‘Near or at total destruction - severe damage or collapse to all buildings. Heavy damage and shaking extends to distant locations. Permanent changes in ground topography. Death toll usually over 50,000.’ 
 YouTube's worldwide advertising revenues amounted to 4.7 billion U.S. dollars in the fourth quarter of 2019, representing a 30.8 year-over-year increase. YouTube is one of the biggest online video platforms worldwide, with the most popular YouTube channels having accumulated over 100 million subscribers. 
 This statistic shows the countries with the lowest risk of natural disasters according to the Global Risk Index in 2019. At this time, Qatar, with an index value of 0.31, was the safest country in the world. In the framework of the WorldRiskIndex, disaster risk is analyzed as a complex interplay of natural hazards and social, political and environmental factors. Unlike current approaches that focus strongly on the analysis of the various natural hazards, the WorldRiskIndex, in addition to exposure analysis, focuses on the vulnerability of the population, i.e. its susceptibility, its capacities to cope with and to adapt to future natural events as well as the consequences of climate change. Disaster risk is seen as a function of exposure and vulnerability. The national states are the frame of reference for the analysis. The index consists of indicators in four components: exposure to natural hazards such as earthquakes, storms, floods, droughts and sea level rise; susceptibility as a function of public infrastructure, nutrition and the general economic framework; coping capacities as a function of governance, medical services and economic security; and adaptive capacities to future natural events and climate change. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Nepal from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Nepal was at about 26.7 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 The best-selling game in 2018 was "Monster Hunter: World" for PS4 which sold nearly three million units in Japan. When it comes to hardware sales, it was found that 2018 was the year of the Nintendo Switch. That year, Nintendo sold more than 3.48 million units of the console in Japan. The Switch was followed by Sony's Playstation 4, which sold about half as many units. 
 This statistic shows the share of the U.S. population who are monthly active users of Facebook from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 67.5 percent of Americans used Facebook regularly and in 2023, the share of the population using the social network is projected to decline to 65.9 percent. As of January 2019, the United States is the country with the second-most Facebook subscribers. 
 This graph shows the total number of passenger cars manufactured in the UK in selected years from 1972 to 2015 with growth in production forecast until 2018. Despite a major decline in 2009 compared with the 1972 record level, recent growth has led to predictions that volume will surpass this level in 2017, assuming steady growth. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers was 50,728. 
 This statistic shows the estimated Compound Annual Growth Rate (CAGR) of the leading global cosmetic companies between 2018 to 2021. During this time period, At nine percent, Natura is expected to have the third highest compound annual growth rate among all global cosmetic companies. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Vietnam from 2017 to 2023. In 2021, it is estimated that there will be around 50.9 million social network users in the country, up from 52.8 million in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide production quantity of cocaine from 1994 to 2017. In 2017, the total production of cocaine worldwide was around 1,976 metric tons. 
 The poverty rate in the Dominican Republic has been decreasing in the past few years. In 2016, approximately 5.9 percent of the Dominicans were living on less than 3.20 U.S. dollars per day, almost three-times lower than 2005, when 16.4 percent of the country's population was estimated to live in poverty. 
 In 2020, the movie with the most Oscar nominations was 'Joker', with 11 in total. 'Joker' was directed by Todd Philips, whose work includes movies within 'The Hangover' franchise, 'Due Date', and 'War Dogs'. Philips also produced major hit 'A Star is Born'. Tied in second place with ten nominations each were 'The Irishman', '1917', and 'Once Upon a Time in Hollywood'. 
 This statistic shows the total global production of lead metal from 2006 to 2018. Lead metal production In 2018, some 11.6 million metric tons of lead metal was produced globally. The base metal is usually extracted in combination with zinc, silver and copper. BHP Billiton, Glencore Xstrata, the Doe Run Company and Teck are counted among the largest lead mining companies worldwide. The major lead producing countries include China, Australia, the United States and Mexico. Batteries account for about 80 percent of worldwide lead consumption, and over two-thirds of the minor metal end up in car batteries. Other uses include the manufacture of paints and pigments and other chemical compounds. The growing production of electric cars and bicycles is likely to boost demand for lead over the next couple of years, with China presumably accounting for most of the growth. While lithium-ion batteries are expected to replace lead-acid batteries in the long run, Chinese demand for lead-based batteries remains strong. China’s lead production in 2017 accounted for 48.8 percent of the world's total. Global lead use 11.6 million metric tons in 2018, up from around 10 million metric tons in 2012, roughly a 9.5 percent increase over the five-year period. According to the London Metals Exchange, lead will steadily rise to reach 0.9 U.S. dollar cents per pound in 2020. 
 This statistic portrays the capacity of the world general cargo vessel fleet from 1980 through 2019. In 2019, the world general cargo ship fleet had a capacity of around 74 million metric tons deadweight. The capacity of the world's general cargo fleet increased marginally by 0.07 percent between 2018 and 2019 according to the source. 
 This statistic shows the number of people employed by agricultural equipment manufacturer AGCO from 2006 to 2018. According to the report, AGCO had a total workforce of 20,320 people in 2012. AGCO is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia, and is one of the world's leading manufacturers of agricultural equipment. 
 Xing user numbers in German-speaking countries (Germany, Austria and Switzerland, shortened to D-A-CH in German) have been rising year after year. It is the leading German-language professional social network. Market leader Xing based its headquarters in Hamburg and has since expanded to include offices in other cities. Based on official figures, it has 16 million members. Most companies in Germany publish their job ads on Xing, followed by Facebook and LinkedIn. Among job-seekers, Xing was the leading source of information, with LinkedIn and Facebook once again runners-up. While many users may have both a Xing and a LinkedIn profile, especially if they are interested in international job searches in the long run, it’s common knowledge that on the German job market a Xing profile is encouraged. If it ain’t got that Xing The share of users in Germany participating in professional online networks has been gradually growing in recent years. Based on German user surveys, Xing is also in the top ten regularly used social networks in general. 
 This graph shows the real value added to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of New York in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the mining industry added 1.2 billion chained 2012 U.S. dollars of value to the state GDP. Total real GDP amounted to about 1.44 trillion chained 2012 U.S. dollars. In 2018, the per capita personal income in New York was 68,668 U.S. dollars, an increase from 61,226 dollars in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the most popular leisure activities among Baby Boomers in the United States as of September 2013. During the survey, 17 percent of Baby Boomers stated spending time with family and friends as a favorite leisure activity. 
 The statistic shows the percentage of worldwide denial of service attack traffic between November 2017 and April 2018, sorted by originating countries. During that period of time, 30 percent of DDoS attack traffic originated from IP addresses in the United States. 
 This statistic presents the common share prices of Royal Bank of Canada from 1995 to 2019. In 2019, the common share price of the leading Canadian bank amounted to 102.75 Canadian dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price in the National Basketball Association from the 2006/07 season to the 2015/16 season. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was at 46.99 U.S. dollars. 
 In the academic year 2018/19 there were approximately 3.04 thousand nursery schools in the United Kingdom, around 900 fewer than there were in the 2010/11 academic year. During 2017/18 nursery schools had the worst teacher to pupil ratio in the UK, with around 22 children for every one teacher. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Baltimore Orioles games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 29.95 U.S. dollars. 
 The Wimbeldon Championships, held annually over the course of 13 days at the All England Lawn Tennis and Croquet Club in Wimbledon, London is the oldest tennis tournament worldwide. In 2019, a total of 500,397 visitors attended the event over the duration of the tournament, an increase from the previous two years. TV reach The 2018 Championships had a total cumulative reach of approximately 26 million on BBC and 29.42 million on ESPN. The highest viewer peak on television was during the 3rd round – Djokovic versus Edmund for BBC with 6.54 million people tuning in and for ESPN it was during the singles ladies finals. Event management In 2019, roughly six thousand employees were hired for Wimbeldon, mostly for catering food and drinks, which made up for half of employment during the tournament, followed by stewards, housekeeping, umpires and transport services. The remainder of staff were made up of ball boys and girls, facility management and other game related tasks. 
 Harley-Davidson sold 178 motorcycles in the United Kingdom (UK) in December 2019. This was slightly higher than in the corresponding month in the previous year. Across all years recorded, sales figures were highest in March, as this is the month when the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) issues new registration plates. This phenomenon is not limited to motorcycles alone, but can also be seen when looking at car sales. The total number of Harley-Davidson motorcycles on the road in Great Britain was over 52,000 units in 2018. Worldwide ‘hog’ sales at 228,051 units In 2018, Harley-Davidson sold 228,051 ‘HOGs’ worldwide, of which roughly 20 percent were bought by residents in Europe, the Middle East and Africa. As a result, the U.S. based company generated an annual revenue of 5.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Honda most popular motorcycle in the UK ‘HOGs’ were not included in a ranking of six most popular motorcycles in the United Kingdom. Japanese company Honda was the best-selling manufacture, selling 20,000 units in 2018. 
 As of June 2019, Sander Berge from KRC Genk had the highest market value of the Belgian football league with a value of 22 million euros. Yari Verschaeren (RSC Anderlecht) and Wesley Hoedt and Mbwana Samatta closed the top three with 15 and 12 million euros, respectively. Looking at the total market value of football clubs in the Jupiler Pro League, current league winner KRC Genk had a total market value of roughly 126 million euro (based on player values), whereas the market value of Club Brugge (second in season 2018/19) amounted to 107.1 million euros. The Belgian Jupiler Pro League is the highest division for professional football in Belgium. Contested by 16 clubs, the season runs from July to May, with play-offs deciding the championship and relegation as well as tickets for the European tournaments. Stadium capacity of Belgian first division clubs As of season 2018/19, the Jan-Breydel-Stadion Stadion, named after a 14th century Flemish resistance fighter and the home of both Club Brugge as well as Cercle Brugge, could host approximately 30,000 supporters. Therefore, this stadium had the highest capacity in the Belgian Jupiler Pro League. The stadium of Standard Liège (Standaard Luik) had roughly 27,700 seats, whereas the Constant vanden Stock stadium of RSC Anderlecht had a capacity of 26,361 seats. Private ownership of football clubs Regarding the private ownership of football clubs playing in the Jupiler Pro League, 12 clubs had a domestic private ownership, whereas a total of three were owned by foreign investors (total 16 clubs). Comparing it to the Eredivisie, significant differences are observed. In the Eredivisie from the total of 18 clubs, only three clubs had a private domestic ownership, whereas two had a foreign owner (ADO Den Haag and Vitesse Arnhem). 
 This statistic shows the global awareness of cyber bullying in selected countries. The country with the highest rate of cyber bullying awareness was Sweden, with 91 percent of respondents reporting that they knew about cyber bullying. According to Ipsos, 75 percent of global respondents were aware of cyber bullying. 
 The statistic shows the growth rate of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in the United States from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, the growth of the real gross domestic product in the United States was around 2.93 percent compared to the previous year. See U.S. GDP per capita and the US GDP for more information. Real gross domestic product (GDP) of the United States The gross domestic product (GDP) of a country is a crucial economic indicator, representing the market value of the total goods and services produced and offered by a country within a year, thus serving as one of the indicators of a country’s economic state. The real GDP of a country is defined as its gross domestic product adjusted for inflation. An international comparison of economic growth rates has ranked the United States alongside other major global economic players such as China and Russia in terms of real GDP growth. With further growth expected during the course of the coming years, as consumer confidence continues to improve, experts predict that the worst is over for the United States economy. A glance at US real GDP figures reveals an overall increase in growth, with sporadic slips into decline; the last recorded decline took place in Q1 2011. All in all, the economy of the United States can be considered ‘well set’, with exports and imports showing positive results. Apart from this fact, the United States remains one of the world’s leading exporting countries, having been surpassed only by China and tailed by Germany. It is also ranked first among the top global importers. Despite this, recent surveys revealing Americans’ assessments of the U.S. economy have yielded less optimistic results. Interestingly enough, this consensus has been mutual across the social and environmental spectrum. On the other hand, GDP is often used as an indicator for the standard of living in a country – and most Americans seem quite happy with theirs. 
 This statistic shows mobile payment provider Square's quarterly net revenue as of the fourth quarter of 2019. In the last measured period, the company's net revenues amounted to over 1.31 billion U.S. dollars, up from 932.5 million U.S. dollars in the corresponding quarter of the preceding year. 
 This graph displays Honda's projected vehicle production between 2012 and 2017. Honda's vehicle production is forecast to increase from about 3.8 million units in 2012 to about five million units by 2017. The company's compound annual growth rate (CAGR) is estimated to stand at 5.8 percent between 2012 and 2017. Honda is a brand of the Honda Motor Company, a multinational corporation with headquarters in Minato, Tokyo, Japan. 
 The statistic represents Rio Tinto's total revenue worldwide between 2001 and 2019. The Rio Tinto Group is a multinational exploration, development, production, and processing corporation. It is headquartered in London, UK. In 2019, Rio Tinto's gross sales revenue was 43.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the balance of trade of goods and services of the U.S. from 2010 to 2019, by quarter. The balance of trade of goods and services in the third quarter of 2019 amounted to a deficit of 157.36 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the lumber production in the United States from 2006 to 2016. In 2015, the lumber production in the United States amounted to some 39,919 million board feet. 
 This statistic depicts a medium-term forecast for the global price of boric acid from 2015 to 2023. It is expected that the price of boric acid will reach 696 U.S. dollars per metric ton in 2016. Until 2023, the price is expected to increase up to 762 dollars. Boron occurs in some volcanic spring waters and in minerals as borates. It is predicted that due to rapidly increasing demand, a supply gap of borates may occur shortly after 2020. 
 This table shows the countries with the highest proportion of soccer players in the population. 19.8 percent of the German population are soccer players. 
 In 2019, 31 percent of women and around a quarter of men had purchased food or groceries online in the previous 12 months in Great Britain. Purchasing online was most common among the 25 to 34-year-old demographic, with 45 percent of individuals within this group having made purchases in 2019. European online purchasing compared Overall, 29 percent of British adults bought groceries online in 2019. The UK has long been a very established online shopping market, leading its European neighbors in the share of online grocery shoppers. In Germany, the second most established market, 22 percent of the population had shopped for groceries online in the same year. While less people shopped online for groceries in France than in Germany, the share of worldwide online grocery sales made in France was much higher than the German share. Once again, the UK led its European neighbors with 7.2 percent in 2017/2018. Sales trend on the UK market In previous years, online food sales in the UK grew between five and twenty-eight percent. However, at the end of 2018 and in early 2019 online grocery sales values shrank. Compared to June 2018 sales in June 2019 have declined by 5.7 percent. Measured in weekly spending, online sales of food stores peaked in Q2 of 2018 and have plateaued since then. 
 This statistic shows the direct investment position of the United States in India from 2000 to 2018, on a historical-cost basis. In 2018, the U.S. investments made in India were valued at approximately 45.98 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. direct investment abroad is defined as ownership by a U.S. investor of at least 10 percent of a foreign business. The direct investor is known as a U.S. parent, and the U.S.-owned foreign business is known as a foreign affiliate. The total direct position of the U.S. abroad amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. International transactions statistics cover the foreign affiliates’ transactions with their U.S. parents, so these statistics focus on the U.S. parent’s share, or interest, in its affiliates rather than on the affiliates’ overall size or level of operations. The major items include capital flows, which measure the funds that U.S. parents provide to their foreign affiliates, and income, which measures the return on those funds. Direct investment position statistics are stocks and are cumulative; they measure the total outstanding level of U.S. direct investment abroad at year end. 
 This graph illustrates the market share of luxury car brands in the United States in 2018, when Mercedes-Benz reached a market share of almost 16 percent. U.S. luxury car market share in 2018, by key marque There is something majestic about luxury vehicles. From the glass panel roofs and the LED headlights to the leather-trimmed seats and powerful engines, these automobiles are built with the finest of materials, giving each driver the feeling of uniqueness. Regarding the overall luxury car market, the leading premium car brands include Mercedes-Benz, BMW, Audi, Toyota’s Lexus brand, and Tesla. In 2017, the global market for luxury cars was sized at almost 490 billion euros. Oftentimes, the luxury car market is broken down into the following segments: premium compact vehicles, mid-size luxury cars, high-end luxury cars, ultra-luxury cars, as well as luxury SUVs and crossover models. The boundaries between these categories are blurred and vary between regions. The price is largely defined as the major criterion for classifying luxury vehicles, though. According to analysts at data compilation and analysis firm Vincentric, Audi models rank highest in terms of value to cost of long-term ownership, with the sporty Audi TT model, the premium large sedan Audi A7 TDI, the prestigious Audi R8 model and the premium midsize crossover Audi Q5 TDI receiving excellent scores. As of April 2016, the Koenigsegg CCXR Trevita ultra luxury car was ranked as the most expensive automobile worldwide. 
 The statistic shows the female to male earnings ratio in the United States in the fourth quarter of 2019, based on the median income in current U.S. dollars, by age group. In the fourth quarter of 2019, the earnings ratio of female to male workers aged between 16 to 24 years was at about 91.14 percent. 
 The statistic shows data on the popularity of reality TV genres in the United States as of September 2016. During the survey, nine percent of respondents stated they watched dating reality TV shows. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Los Angeles Clippers franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 282 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial amounted to approximately 4.58 million in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Morocco from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Morocco was at 9.03 percent. 
 This statistic gives information on the consolidated number of monthly active mobile users (MAU) across Alibaba's online shopping properties from the fourth quarter of 2016 to the fourth quarter of 2019. As of the last quarter of 2019, Alibaba's Chinese e-commerce properties had been accessed by around 824 million mobile MAU. 
 This graph shows the annual change in imports of trade goods and services from the United States from 1990 to 2018 with a forecast up to 2024. In 2018, U.S. imports of goods and services grew by 4.59 percent compared to 2017. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in Austria from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Austria was at 4.64 percent. 
 The statistic shows the top-25 players at the FIFA World Cup 2014 in Brazil according to their current market / transfer value. Lionel Messi of Argentina is the highest valued player with a transfer market value of 120 million euros. Market values of players at the World Cup 2014 - additional information The market/transfer value of a football player is determined by a number of statistics, including the player’s age, salary, playing stats and recent performances. As such it is subject to change frequently depending on the player’s current situation. As of the World Cup held in Brazil 2014, Argentina’s Lionel Messi was the most expensive player among the 32 national squads and he is commonly rated as one of football’s all-time best players. He is the first player in history to win four FIFA/Ballons d’Or (2009, 2010, 2011, 2012) and the first to win three European Golden Shoe awards (2010, 2012, 2013). Second on the list is Portugal’s Cristiano Ronaldo whose market value was estimated at 100 million euros as of the start of the World Cup. In 2009 Ronaldo’s transfer from Manchester United to Real Madrid for 94 million euros broke the world transfer record which Madrid previously held for their purchase of Kaká from Milan. Real Madrid have since broken their own transfer record again having bought Gareth Bale from Tottenham Hotspur for 100 million euros in 2013. However, as Wales failed to qualify for the World Cup in 2014, Bale does not feature on this list. Paul Pogba, aged 21 at the time of the 2014 World Cup, is the youngest player on the list. At the 2014 FIFA World Cup awards he was named Best Young Player after several impressive performances for France. Germany leads the way with 6 national players on the list with their high market value seemingly validated by the fact that Germany went on to win the 2014 World Cup. 
 The birth rate in Belgium was stable between 2010 and 2016, peaking in 2010 at 1.84 children per woman. In the following years, the birth rate never decreased below 1.7, except in 2015, when the birth rate was 1.69. According to this forecast, between 2017 and 2020 the birth rate is expected to increase again slightly, until it is back at the 2010 level in 2020. In 2017, nearly 120,000 babies were born in Belgium. Children born per region In 2017, just over half of the babies born in Belgium were born in the Flemish Region, at over 64,500. By comparison, only 17,709 children were born in the Brussels-Capital Region that year. The remaining 36,900 babies came from the Walloon Region. Most mothers between 25 and 34 years old In 2016, the largest number of babies born in Belgium were born to mothers aged between 25 and 34, although 28 children were also born to mothers 50 years and older. One girl younger than 13 also gave birth that year. 
 The figure shows the share of households owning microwave ovens in Germany from 2008 to 2017. Over the time period under consideration, microwave oven ownership has decreased from 80 percent of respondents in 2008 to 65 percent in 2017. 
 This statistic depicts the compound annual growth rate of the luggage market's retail sales worldwide between 2018 and 2023, by region. During that period, the compound annual growth rate of North American luggage retail market was estimated at two percent. Global Luggage MarketTraveling has increased to a great extent with the rise in urbanization and leisure activities. People are becoming more inclined toward branded and fashionable travel accessories including luggage. The present day meaning of luggage has evolved from a traditional clothes packing medium into a more comfortable, convenient and multi-purposeful travel-companion. Luggage has now become a part of travel apparel which defines personality of the traveler. Nowadays, apart from clothes, luggage bags include shoes, laptops, cameras as well as other related electronic accessories, food items, water bottles, and business files.The global luggage market was estimated to generate sales close to 21 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The travel bag segment was responsible for around 44 percent of luggage retail sales as of 2016. The rising global economy and increasing per capita income are some of the key drivers of the global luggage market. The luggage market can be segmented into three major categories, namely casual bag, travel bag, and business bag. These categories can be further fragmented into backpacks, computer bags, wheel bags, business carry-on tool bags, and sports bags. The casual bag segment, which includes backpacks and wheel bags, is the fastest-growing segment.Samsonite is one the world's largest travel goods players. In 2018, the total revenue of Samsonite was around 3.8 billion U.S. dollars; with 35 percent of its net sales being generated by its Asian region. The top four players of the industry are ACE, Samsonite, Tumi, and VF Corp. although there are several emerging players in developing countries, who operate at the local level. 
 Dubai had by far the largest international visitor spending in the world in 2018 at 30.82 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline shows the estimated retail per capita sales in the United States from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, retail sales amounted to about 15,522 U.S. dollars per capita. 
 This statistic shows the number of people living below the poverty line in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, about 38.15 million people were living below the poverty line in the United States. 
 Inflation is an important measure of any country’s economy, and the Retail Price Index (RPI) is one of the most widely used indicators in the United Kingdom. The forecasted inflation rate for this index is estimated to increase in upcoming years, from 3.2 percent in the last quarter of 2019 to 4.2 percent by 2024. CPI forecast Although the Retail Price Index is a commonly utilized inflation indicator, the UK also uses a newer method of calculating inflation, the Consumer Price Index. The CPI typically has a lower inflation rate than that of the RPI, which is reflected in the CPI forecast. By 2024 for example, the CPI inflation rate is expected to be two percent, compared with the RPI forecast of 4.2 percent. Which one is correct? The CPI is used as the official inflation statistic by the UK government in most cases, but the RPI is still used in certain instances. Increases in rail fares are calculated using the RPI for example, while increase in pension payments are calculated using CPI. The use of one inflation measure over the other can therefore have a significant impact on people’s lives in the UK. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization by continent in 2019. In 2019, the degree of urbanization worldwide was at around 54 percent. Urbanization worldwide by continent The Population Reference Bureau released data on global urbanization by continent in 2019. This statistic shows the percentage of total population living in areas that are defined as "cities" in the countries respectively. Some countries counted settlements with 100 houses or more as "urban," while others only included the capital of a country or provincial capitals in their count. According to the source, North America was the most urbanized continent worldwide, with 82 percent of the population living in cities. Additional statistics from the World Bank, estimate America’s degree of urbanization at 82.06 percent as of 2017. Latin America and the Caribbean were also reported as having a high degree of urbanization — with 78 percent of the population living in cities. Europe ranked third in terms of degree of urbanization. Meanwhile, as of 2010, the global share of people living in urban areas was estimated at 51 percent. This share is projected to increase to 70 percent of the global population by 2050. Though North America was ranked number one in degree of urbanization, only one of the United State’s cities ranked within the largest ten worldwide: New York City. Tokyo, Japan, was the largest city in the world as of 2010, with 36.7 million inhabitants. New York-Newark came in at 19.4 million inhabitants in 2010, ranking sixth. Los Angeles, California was the second largest city in America with 3.8 million inhabitants in 2011. It may be hard to imagine what life could be like in 2050, with 70 percent of the global population living in cities, but some statistics illustrate the ways urban living differs from suburban and rural living. American urbanites may lead more “connected” (i.e. internet connected) lives than their rural and/or suburban counterparts. As of 2018, more than 80 percent of people who lived in urban areas owned a smartphone. As of October 2009, seventy percent of urban households had internet connections, compared to 63.4 percent of rural households. According to one study in 2014, urbanites were also slightly more likely to report having read a book in the past 12 months, 77 percent of respondents from urban areas vs. 76 percent of respondents from rural areas and 75 percent of respondents from suburban areas. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Russia from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Russia was at about 6.1 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 In 2018, 2,862 individuals were killed in motor vehicle accidents in Poland. An overall decrease in the number of road deaths was observed within the time period shown. The highest number of road fatalities in this timeframe occurred in 2007, with figures nearly twice as high as those reported in 2018. Despite this decline, Poland still had one of the highest such fatality rate in Europe. Car occupants killed most oftenCar occupants were those most commonly affected by traffic accidents. In 2018, 45 percent of those who had been killed on the road were car drivers or passengers. Also at high risk were pedestrians. Road fatality costs at 6.03bn PLN The most recent evaluation of road accident related expenses found that fatalities had cost 6.03 billion Polish złoty in 2015. In total, road accidents came with a price tag of 33.57 billion Polish złoty (approximately 8.7 billion U.S. dollars). 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Tunisia from 1984 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2016, the average inflation rate in Tunisia amounted to about 3.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Croatia semi-annually from 2010 to 2018. In the second half of 2017, the average electricity price for households was 12.36 euro cents per kWh. This increased the following year to 13.21 euro cents. 
 The timeline shows the number of unique visitors per quarter of the website Yelp.com from 2010 to 2015. The local search and review site's visitor numbers have displayed a steady growth, reaching 142 million unique visitors in the first quarter of 2015. 
 Hungarian electricity consumers have experienced a reduction in the price of electricity over the past several years, with the price falling from 17.01 euro cents per kilowatt hour (kWh) in the first half of 2010, to 11.2 cents per kWh in the first half of 2019. Energy in Hungary Hungary uses a diverse range of fuels to generate energy. Nuclear plays a significant role in the Hungarian energy mix, with energy derived from nuclear sources making up half of the country’s energy mix as of 2017. During 2016, when nuclear accounted for 51.3 percent of the country’s energy mix, the country generated two gigawatts of energy from nuclear sources. Hungary’s capacity to generate energy from renewable sources has increased significantly in recent years, climbing from 582 megawatts in 2008, to 1,522 megawatts in 2018. Average electricity prices across Europe When it comes to the average price of household electricity prices in Europe, Hungary sits in the cheapest third of countries, based on 2017 prices. Hungarian households with an annual consumption of 2,500 kWh to 5,000 kWh could expect to pay 11.3 euro cents per kWh. While more expensive than the 98.69 cents per kWh paid by Bulgarian households, it is a far cry from the 30.48 euro cents per kWh that German households were forking out. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of conceptions of under 16 girls ending in abortion in England and Wales from 2004 to 2017. The share of terminated pregnancies in this age group has remained around the same amount over the provided time period. In 2017, approximately 60.7 percent of the pregnancies led to abortion. 
 The statistic shows the United Kingdom's share of the global gross domestic product (GDP) adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, the United Kingdom's share of global GDP (in relation to PPP dollars) amounted to about 2.24 percent. 
 The timeline shows the quarterly revenue of Yahoo! in the period from the first quarter of 2007 to the first quarter of 2017. In the most recently reported quarter, Yahoo's GAAP revenue amounted to 1.33 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the expenditure on research and development of pharmaceutical company Roche from 2007 to 2019. Roche is a Swiss-based pharmaceutical company, and one of the leading pharma companies worldwide. In 2019, Roche's expenditure on research and development came to nearly 12 billion Swiss francs. 
 The statistic shows the luxury tax payments of the New York Yankees from 2003 to 2018. For the 2017 season the Yankees paid 15.7 million U.S. dollars in luxury tax. 
 The statistic displays the global gross domestic product (GDP) per capita from 2008 to 2018. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, global GDP per capita amounted to about 11,312 U.S. dollars. Gross domestic product and global economy The global economy suffered a major impact with the global financial crisis of 2008 but after a drop in global gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in 2009, the global economy recovered and reached record-high GDP per capita prices in 2013. Global GDP per capita has doubled over the past decade. Gross domestic product of industrial countries and emerging and developing countries combined is greater than GDP of all the other selected global regions combined, indicating economic prosperity and recovery despite some financial backsets. In the main industrialized and emerging countries, gross domestic product per capita is highest for the United States, followed by Germany and France. In the European Union, despite the financial crisis of 2008, GDP per capita has improved significantly. Another member of the European Union, Luxembourg, even reports the largest GDP per capita worldwide, followed by non-EU members Norway and Qatar. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the New Orleans Saints from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the New Orleans Saints was 73,082. 
 In 2018, Atlanta International Airport was the busiest airport in the United States, transporting over 52.2 million passengers. In that same year, Atlanta was also the main hub of Delta Air Lines. Delta Air Lines – additional information U.S.-based Delta Air Lines is the third major airline and legacy carrier in the United States, with a 17.2 percent market share. As a founding member of the SkyTeam airline alliance, Delta is a member of SkyTeam and SkyTeam Cargo. In 2019, Delta Air Lines was ranked second within the traditional airline segment, with a satisfaction index score of 788. Major airports in the U.S. In 2018, Chicago O’Hare International Airport was the first leading domestic airport hub in terms of connectivity index and number of airport operations implemented. In that same year, Honolulu International Airport was the most punctual major hub in the U.S. 
 According to a 2019 survey, support for the use of nuclear energy for electricity generation in the UK outweighed opposition. Of respondents, 35 percent supported its use, compared to 23 percent who opposed it. Despite nuclear disasters occurring as recently as 2011, when a tsunami hit a power plant in Fukushima, Japan, approximately 34 percent of UK residents believe it provides a safe source of energy. Role in the energy mix As of 2017, nuclear power made up approximately 21 percent of the UK’s electricity generation, showing its importance in the energy mix. However, renewable shares have been increasing significantly in recent years, and in 2014 overtook nuclear power for the first time ever. As this energy source’s share increased further, nuclear power shares decreased when compared to 2016. Nuclear powers future in the UK uncertain In recent years, the UK government had championed nuclear power as a reliable and low carbon source of electricity, to be used for many years to come. However, it now faces an uncertain future. In addition to power plants nearing the end of their life cycle, new multi-billion-pound projects have been scrapped. 2018 saw Toshiba withdraw from the Mooreside nuclear power station project, and Hitachi suspended work on the Wylfa project in Anglesey, North Wales in 2019. 
 This statistic represents the number of registered motor vehicles in North Carolina in 2016 with a breakdown by vehicle type. In that year, there were approximately 3.5 million automobiles registered in North Carolina. 
 The size of the Bitcoin blockchain has experienced consistently high levels of growth since its creation, reaching approximately 242.39 gigabytes in size as of the end of September 2019. The bitcoin blockchain is a distributed database that contains a continuously-growing and tamper-evident list of all Bitcoin transactions and records since the date of its initial release in January of 2009. Cryptocurrency Bitcoin is the biggest name in cryptocurrency in terms of both price index and market capitalization. Given the growing public investment into crypto, Bitcoin and other established currencies, such as Ethereum and Ripple, are facing increased competition from new, well-funded cryptocurrencies, which raised 4.1 billion U.S. dollars in total in initial coin offering (ICO) in June of 2018. Blockchain Blockchain technology’s unique ability to provide an open ledger for recording transactions while simultaneously ensuring security and verifiability lends itself to a variety of uses other than just cryptocurrency. Blockchain experts envision a huge amount of possible applications, with everything from supply chain management to online personal identification. Perhaps the most telling sign of the technology’s versatility is the fact that executives across industries are rushing to invest in blockchain solutions of their own. 
 This statistic shows the airport market share of major car rental companies in the United States in 2013. Hertz Global Holdings had the largest share of the airport car rental market in 2013 at 36.1 percent. 
 The third-party logistics (3PL) market in North America was roughly sized at 251.5 billion U.S. dollars. In a 3PL enterprise design, a firm sustains production control, but outsources some or all transport and logistics execution to a fulfillment company. The 3PL market worldwide In 2018, the second largest 3PL country was China, with an approximate total revenue of 203.2 billion U.S. dollars. In that same year, Belgium was the fourth leading logistics market based on the Logistics Performance Index (LPI). Globally, the 3PL industry generated up to 950.7 billion U.S. dollars in revenue and the fourth leading 3PL provider based on gross logistics revenue was Nippon Express. The 3PL market in the United States The 3PL industry in the United States kept an exponential growth rate since 2000 and reached 213.5 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018. In that year, C.H. Robinson Worldwide was the leading 3PL provider in the United States, with a gross revenue of more than 16.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 After a peak in 2014, foreign direct investment (FDI) in Africa from the United States dropped to 47.80 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Africa receives lower FDI inflows than any other region. What is FDI? FDI is when investors from one country, in this case the United States, invest in firms that are based abroad. Often investors do this to earn higher returns due to a risk premium. They will seek markets where default risk is higher. If their investments mature, the returns are higher than they would be in a place with less risk. Effects of FDI The United States has higher FDI outflows than any other country, in large part because its economy is so large. In addition to seeking higher returns, some investors are interested in cultivating international relationships. This could be an effort to expand the consumer base, shore up supply chains, or for humanitarian or cultural reasons. For the receiving country, FDI means an increase in capital. For emerging markets, this can be critical. When the number of banks per country is low, capital access becomes difficult. 
 This graph shows the arrest rate in the United States between 1990 and 2018. In 2018, the arrest rate was 3,152.6 per 100,000 of the population. 
 This statistic shows the 20 countries with the highest decrease of the gross domestic product (GDP) in 2019. In 2019, Venezuela ranked 1st among the countries with the highest GDP decrease with a decrease of approximately 35 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows inbound visitor growth in the Middle East from 2011 to 2019. In 2016, inbound visitor numbers to the Middle East grew by 1.2 percent and by around 2.5 percent in the previous year, showing a decline compared to eight percent growth in 2014. 
 This statistic shows Johnson & Johnson's market share of the over-the-counter and nutritionals market worldwide from 2013 to 2021. In 2015, Johnson & Johnson's market share of the global over-the-counter and nutritionals market is estimated to be 3.27 percent. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of new passenger car registrations per year in Spain between 2000 and 2019. From 2009 to 2010 the number of new passenger car registration per year rose from approximately 955 thousand car registrations per year in 2009 to 985 thousand registrations in 2010. From 2010 to 2012 the number of new passenger car registrations declined from 985 thousand in 2010 to 700 thousand new registrations in 2012. After this plunge in registration numbers, the figures picked up again, climbing from 700 thousand in 2012 to more than 1.15 million in 2016. This rise in numbers of new passenger car registrations amounted to an percentage increase of almost 65 percent from 2012 to 2016.From 2015 to 2016 the number of new passenger car registrations per year in Spain, rose from 1.04 million new car registrations in 2015 to more than 1.15 million new registrations in 2016, this is an increase of approximately 11 percent from 2015 to 2016. In 2019 more than 1.3 million cars were registered in Spain. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of the 20 countries with the largest gross domestic product (GDP) at purchasing power parity in 2017. In 2017, Thailand ranked 20th with a PPP-adjusted GDP of about 1,240.05 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Greece from 2014 to 2018, with projections until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Greece was around 375.74 billion U.S. dollars. In a ranking of debt to GDP per country, Greece is currently ranked second. Greece's struggle after the financial crisis Greece is a developed country in the EU and is highly dependent on its service sector as well as its tourism sector in order to gain profits. After going through a large economic boom from the 1950s to the 1970s as well as somewhat high GDP growth in the early to mid 2000s, Greece’s economy took a turn for the worse and struggled intensively, primarily due to the Great Recession, the Euro crisis as well as its own debt crisis. National debt within the country saw significant gains over the past decades, however roughly came to a halt due to financial rescue packages issued from the European Union in order to help Greece maintain and improve their economical situation. The nation’s continuous rise in debt has overwhelmed its estimated GDP over the years, which can be attributed to poor government execution and unnecessary spending. Large sums of financial aid were taken from major European banks to help balance out these government-induced failures and to potentially help refuel the economy to encourage more spending, which in turn would decrease the country’s continuously rising unemployment rate. Investors, consumers and workers alike are struggling to see a bright future in Greece, whose chances of an economic comeback are much lower than that of other struggling countries such as Portugal and Italy. However, Greece's financial situation might improve in the future, as it is estimated that at least its national debt will decrease - slowly, but steadily. Still, since its future participation in the European Union is in limbo as of now, these figures can only be estimates, not predictions. 
 Virgin Media Inc increased total revenue generated in 2018, bringing in 5.15 billon British pounds. That marks the first time the company has exceeded 5 billion British pounds, after coming close with 4.96 billion British pounds in 2017. Virgin Media revenue mix Cable is the largest contributor to the Virgin Media revenue mix, with 3.64 billion British pounds flowing in to the company from this source. Business revenue brought in more than mobile revenue in 2018, at 778 million British pounds compared with the 663.5 million British pounds of mobile. Several key figures covering Virgin Media Inc. have experienced fluctuations in recent years. The net income of the organization has moved between 2.91 billion British pounds in 2012, to a net loss of 37 million British pounds in 2018. Virgin Media UK revenues Virgin Media's UK based revenues from access and calls of residential networks, business networks and overall fixed line network and call revenues have all experienced decreases in recent years. 
 The statistic displays the total number of suicides committed in Japan from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, approximately 20.8 thousand people committed suicide in Japan. The numbers peaked in 2009 with around 32.8 thousand suicide victims in total. 
 This statistic shows outbound visitor growth in the Middle East from 2011 to 2019. In 2016, outbound visitor numbers from the Middle East decreased by 6.3 percent, while it was expected to grow by 3.1 percent in 2019. By 2020, the middle east is expected to have around 4.3 percent growth of outbound tourism. The region with the highest number of tourist arrivals in 2017 was Europe, with around 634.6 million international arrivals. 
 The statistic depicts the projected annual growth rate of the global sports market from 2011 to 2015. The sports market is expected to grow by 0.2 percent from 2012 to 2013. 
 As per recent data, in January 2020, semiconductor sales came to a total of 35.39 billion U.S. dollars, down from the 36.17 billion U.S. dollars seen in December 2019. The sales figures for the first month of 2020 represent a third month of successive decline since October 2019. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of adults who use the internet in the United States from 2000 and 2019. In the most recent measured year, 90 percent of U.S. adults were reported to use the internet at least occasionally, up from 76 percent in 2010. 
 The statistic shows the market share of the global luggage market in 2015, by company. In that year, the global market share of Samsonite was approximately 17.3 percent. 
 Over the past decade the turnover from off-course horse race betting in the United Kingdom (UK) has significantly decreased from 5.74 billion British pounds in 2009 to 4.22 billion in 2019. A similar trend can be seen with off course dog race betting. Despite a slight decrease, the number of betting shops still held steady though, with William Hill and Ladbrokes making up roughly half of the shops. On-course betting also on the decline As the gambling trends in the UK shift more and more towards online gambling, also the turnover of on-course betting decreases. However the overall gross gambling yield (GGY) of the betting sector remains stable at roughly 3.25 billion British pounds in 2019. Remote gambling on the rise When looking at the entire GGY over time, the remote betting, bingo and casino sector quickly exploded onto the market and now accounts for the largest market share, reaching approximately 5.32 billion British pounds in 2019. In addition, the number of employees in the remote gambling sector rapidly increased as well. 
 This statistic illustrates Tumblr.com's cumulative total blogs from May 2011 to January 2020. As of that month, the social networking site had over 488 million blog accounts, up from 456.1 million in the corresponding period of the previous year. Tumblr – further information Founded in February 2007, Tumblr is a microblogging website and social media platform that is now owned by Yahoo. The website allows users to post images, videos, links and other media content to a short-form blog. Users can follow each other as well as access and post blog content via the platform’s user dashboard. As of April 2019, over 171.5 billion Tumblr posts have been generated on the social network. The social network accounts for less than one percent of total social media website visits in the United States, and has a user base consisting mainly of teen and young adult internet users. Despite the relatively low audience reach, Tumblr is a popular platform for online fandom discussions regarding music, movies and TV shows. Similar to Instagram, Tumblr was also set to take advantage of social media marketing by providing an ideal platform for visually-oriented brands in the retail and media sector. However, Tumblr adoption among marketers has been declining in recent years, and as such, Tumblr remains a niche marketing channel. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Peru from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Peru's gross domestic product amounted to around 225.37 billion U.S. dollars. Dropping mineral prices affect Peru's economy The economy of Peru is still strong and the prospect of significant future growth still remains, but overall GDP appears to be waning after a period of significant growth which took place between 2010 and 2013. The annual growth rate of Peruvian GDP was as high as 8.45 percent in 2010. Yet, the annual growth rate for 2014 was only a quarter of that, and future growth rates are expected to linger at around 4 percent. Much of this earlier growth can be attributed to the country’s mineral wealth in copper, silver, lead, zinc, oil and gold, but over the years, the price of many of these minerals has been on a decline. The price of many of these mineral resources began to decline in 2011, some decreasing significantly in price and others less so. The copper price has decreased, as has the price of lead and gold. The price of silver dropped significantly, too, and the impact of falling oil prices is being felt around the world. Zinc is the only aforementioned mineral whose price has remained stable. As the economy of Peru is directly linked to these resources and industry composes close to a 40 percent share of GDP, it is no wonder the economy of Peru has been impacted. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Finland semi-annually from 2010 to 2019. In the first half of 2019, the average electricity price for households increased from the previous year to 17.34 euro cents per kWh. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Chile from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Chile was at approximately 7.43 percent. 
 The United Kingdom produced roughly 1.3 million passenger cars in 2019. This marked the third consecutive year when figures had declined, following a peak of 1.72 million units reported in 2016. The most noticeable slump was seen in 2009, when production decreased by nearly a third compared to the previous year. The UK was once the largest exporter of cars and its long-standing brands still enjoy success worldwide. However, the country’s automotive industry has been struggling following the Brexit referendum. Global production In 2018, some 70.47 million automobiles were made worldwide. This translated into a decline of 1.2 percent compared to the previous year, when figures peaked at 72.66 million vehicles. Production of commercial vehicles was nearly 30 percent the size of passenger car manufacturing. Leading markets The United Kingdom ranked twelfth in a list of leading car producers worldwide, behind Russia and ahead of Czechia. Whilst China was the world’s leading manufacturer of such motor vehicles, with an astonishing 23.71 million units. 
 As of March 2, 2020, the outbreak of the coronavirus disease (COVID-19) had spread to six continents, and approximately 3,000 people had died after contracting the respiratory virus. The majority of the confirmed cases were located in China, where around 2,900 deaths had been reported. WHO raises global risk level Approximately 60 countries worldwide have been affected by the virus. The risk of infection is serious if you are in an area where there are confirmed cases, and the World Health Organization (WHO) has raised the global risk of the outbreak to very high. Most people can continue to go about their daily life as normal, but if you have recently traveled to an affected area or been in close contact with someone with the virus, you should seek medical advice and try to stay away from public places. What are the symptoms of the virus? It can take up to 14 days for symptoms of the illness to start being noticed. The most commonly reported symptoms are a fever and a dry cough, leading to shortness of breath. The early symptoms are similar to other viruses common at this time of year, such as the common cold and flu – these illnesses spread more during cold months, but it is not yet known whether or not temperature impacts the spread of the SARS-CoV-2 virus. Once again, medical advice should be sought if you are experiencing any of these symptoms. 
 This graphic shows Microsoft’s quarterly revenue figures as measured by the company’s own fiscal years from 2008 to the latest fiscal quarter. For the second quarter of the 2020 fiscal year, Microsoft reported revenue of almost 37 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019, approximately 335.3 million digital music singles were downloaded in the U.S., down from just under 400 million a year earlier. Digital single downloads have dropped enormously in the last decade, and dropped below one million in 2015 after a successful few years of growth. 
 This statistic depicts import volume of pork worldwide in 2020, by leading country. The pork imports of Japan are estimated to be about 1.49 million metric tons in 2020. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Atlanta Braves games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 29.44 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the number of active physicians in Illinois as of March 2019, ordered by specialty area. At that time, there were 2,088 anesthesiologists active in Illinois. There are approximately 21,400 specialty physicians active in the state. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Pittsburgh Steelers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Pittsburgh Steelers was 62,237. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Bangladesh from 2014 to 2024*. In 2018, the estimated total population of Bangladesh amounted to approximately 164.88 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. production of pumpkins from 2001 to 2018. In 2012, around 12.36 million cwt of pumpkins were produced in the United States. Pumpkins are especially popular around Halloween. 
 Between 2006 and 2018 arrivals of both domestic and foreign guests at accommodation establishments in Italy have increased. In 2018 there were over 128 million arrivals at tourist accommodation in Italy, compared to 96 million ten years earlier. 
 This statistic shows the cities with the largest number of public basketball hoops per 10,000 residents in the United States in 2018. In Irvine, California, there were 17.7 public basketball hoops per 10,000 residents in 2018. 
 The number of hospital beds in the United Kingdom has undergone a decline since the year 2000. Whereas in 2000, there were over 241 thousand beds in the UK, by 2017 this figure was approximately 167.6 thousand. This means over this sixteen-year period there were over 70 thousand fewer hospital beds in the UK. Fewer beds but admissions are still high There were almost 1.4 million admissions to hospital between January and March 2018 in England. This quarterly figure of admissions has remained fairly consistent since 2014. The busiest hospital trust in England by admissions in the year 2017/18 was the Manchester University Hospitals Foundation Trust with almost 305 thousand admissions. The average length of stay in hospitals in the UK between 2013 to 2016 for acute care was six days. Accident and Emergency In the third quarter of 2017/18, A&E in England received over six million attendees. The number of attendances has been creeping upwards since 2012. 6.7 percent of people attending A&E in the last year were diagnosed with a dislocation, fracture, joint injury or amputation, followed by 6.2 percent with a respiratory condition. 
 This statistic displays the leading twenty European DIY retailers in 2014, ranked by number of stores. British retailer Kingfisher operated 1202 stores in 2014, over 200 more than ADEO in France. The Adeo Groupe also goes under another name, the Leroy Merlin Group. The company has changed hands many times over its short period, and now consists of brands such as Weldom, Bricocenter, Aki and Bricoman. The Kingfisher group consists of a variety of stores such as B&Q , Castorama , Brico Depot and Screwfix. It is a long standing company that was established in 1982. Even though the Kingfisher group has more stores, the ADEO groupe still holds over all other do it yourself retailers with the highest net turnover in 2015. Another long lasting company is OBI from Germany. This company first opened its doors in 1970, and has since expanded to over 14 countries. Germany is now home to nearly 2400 do it yourself stores. 
 In 2018, the total turnover of companies producing chocolate and confectionary was approximately four billion British pounds. Between 2011 and 2018 the turnover fluctuated. However, prior to 2011 turnover was much higher, reaching over five billion pounds in 2008. While turnover is down, the number of enterprises operating in the sector has risen. PRODCOM survey The data shown here comes from the UK Manufacturers' Sales by Product survey (called PRODCOM from “PRODuction COMmunautaire”). The survey is mandated by EU regulations. The aim is to provide a complete overview of the developments of industrial production in the EU area and make country comparisons possible. The data comes directly from the companies which are surveyed by the national statistical institutes of each country. UK producers’ sales of chocolate and confectionary The same drop that is visible in companies’ overall turnover is also visible in the sales value of chocolate, and confectionary manufactured in the UK. In 2011, the sales value dropped by 50 percent compared to 2010, amounting to 155 million British pounds. The sales value recovered slightly and amounted to 207 million pounds in 2017. Sugar confectionary saw a sales drop in 2012 but has not since recovered. 
 The statistic shows the size of the OpenStack market from 2014 to 2021. In 2018, the OpenStack market was expected to be worth 3.46 billion U.S. dollars. OpenStack is a cloud operating system, providing access to various computing resources, such as compute, storage, and network, across a data center. It is used primarily as Infrastructure as a Service. 
 This statistic depicts the total federal drug control spending in the United States from FY 2013 to FY 2020, in million U.S. dollars. The largest amount of federal drug control spending is projected for fiscal year 2020 with some 34.6 billion U.S. dollars requested for drug control funding. 
 The global big data market is forecasted to grow to 103 billion U.S. dollars by 2027, more than double its expected market size in 2018. With a share of 45 percent, the software segment would become the large big data market segment by 2027. What is Big data? Big data is a term that refers to the kind of data sets that are too large or too complex for traditional data processing applications. It is defined as having one or some of the following characteristics: high volume, high velocity or high variety. Fast-growing mobile data traffic, cloud computing traffic, as well as the rapid development of technologies such as artificial intelligence (AI) and the Internet of Things (IoT) all contribute to the increasing volume and complexity of data sets. Big data analytics Advanced analytics tools, such as predictive analytics and data mining, help to extract value from the data and generate new business insights. The global big data and business analytics market was valued at 169 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 and is expected to grow to 274 billion U.S. dollars in 2022. As of November 2018, 45 percent of professionals in the market research industry reportedly used big data analytics as a research method. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Uganda from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Uganda was at 1.79 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for San Francisco 49ers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 116.98 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019, Delta Air Lines had approximately 275.4 billion available seat miles, which continued the increase of the past five years. Available seat miles report the total flight passenger capacity of an airline in miles, by multiplying the total number of seats available to the total number of miles in which those seats were flown. Delta: a profitable airline The airline company had a passenger load factor of around 86.3 percent in 2019, which is slightly higher than the national average. Delta's net income reflects its improved efficiency, reaching over 4.7 billion U.S. dollars in the same period. Air transportation industry in the United States Delta Air Lines contributed to the colossal 1.2 trillion ASMs reported by U.S. airlines on domestic and international flights in 2018. Due to its geographic extensiveness, the United States has massive air transportation infrastructure. With at least one airport in every major city, air transportation happens continuously. Almost half of the leading airline groups worldwide hail from the United States. 
 This statistic presents the share of mobile banking users among mobile phone owners in the United States from 2009 to 2011 and a forecast thereof until 2016. In 2011, 29 percent of the mobile phone owners accessed banking services on their mobile phones and this number was predicted to increase to 51 percent in 2016. Mobile banking – additional information Mobile phones are one of the most popular devices owned, and are used for personal and business purposes by people worldwide. In the United States, the mobile phone penetration rate reached 78.1 percent in 2013 and 81.5 percent of the population was predicted to have a mobile phone by 2018. Following the development of smartphone technology, mobile banking is gradually becoming a more popular channel of client communication with banks. The number of mobile banking users in the United States was projected to increase from 57 million in 2011 to 111 million in 2016. The use of mobile banking is most popular among users in the 18-29 age group. The most common activities related to mobile banking are checking account balances or recent transactions, downloading mobile bank applications and transferring money. Although the possibility of accessing bank services in any place is very convenient, a lot of people decide not to use this option. Reasons for not using mobile banking services include transaction security concerns, lack of necessity to use mobile banking as traditional banking channels meet the customer’s needs, and inconvenience of performing banking operations on the relatively small screen of a mobile phone. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Spain from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in Spain was around 1.43 trillion U.S. dollars. For comparison, global GDP was estimated at almost more than 77 trillion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 This statistic shows the average annualized costs caused by cyber crimes worldwide in 2018, sorted by affected industry sector. In the measured period, cyber crime caused an average annualized loss of 18.37 million U.S. dollars for affected companies in the global banking sector. 
 This statistic shows the forecast change in value of the United Kingdom (UK) rental market between 2015 and 2019. It is expected that in 2017 the rental market value will grow by three percent. 
 This statistic shows the net income of Chuck E. Cheese's worldwide from 2007 to 2018. Family-style restaurant chain Chuck E. Cheese's made a net income (loss) of approximately -20.46 million U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 The statistic represents E.ON's revenue from the fiscal year of 2005 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Germany-based electricity provider generated around 30.25 billion euros in revenue. 
 General Motors Company's number of employees came to around 164,000 people in 2019. In 2017, the Detroit Big Three carmaker spun off its Opel and Vauxhall businesses, which is one of the reasons why employee figures dropped from 225,000 in 2016 to around 180,000 in 2017. In 2019, the decision to end production in several North American plants resulted in layoffs of around 8,000 salaried employees. GM had almost 69,000 salaried employees on the payroll in 2019. About General Motors General Motors, also known as GM, is the manufacturer of some of the oldest car brands worldwide, including Chevrolet, Cadillac, and Buick. In 2018, the company announced that it would undergo a staff transformation: 15 percent of salaried and salaried contract staff are to be reduced. In 2015, the United Automobile Workers union ratified a contract with GM which expired in September 2019, and many of the 50,000 employees represented by unions went on a strike against GM. The UAW voiced its approval for a new deal in October 2019. 
 This statistic shows Sanofi's expenditure on research and development from 2008 to 2018. In 2008, Sanofi's R&D expenditure came to approximately 4.58 billion euros. Sanofi is one of the top pharmaceutical companies worldwide. It is headquartered in Paris, France. Until 2018, Sanofi's expenses on research and development increased to nearly 5.9 billion euros. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Houston Rockets games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 38.64 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the share of internet users in the United States who were using WhatsApp as of the third quarter 2019, sorted by age. Overall, 18 percent of U.S. online users aged 26 to 35 years used the mobile messaging service. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of the industries most commonly impacted by cyber attacks worldwide as of September 2017. During the survey, 26 percent of respondents from the energy sector stated that their company had been victim of cyber attacks in the past 12 months. 
 This statistic shows the public spending ratio in China from 2008 to 2018, with forecasts until 2024. In 2018, the ratio ranged at about 33.99 percent of GDP. Public spending ratio denotes the relationship between public spending and gross domestic product (GDP). 
 The timeline shows teh value of the music market worldwide in 2015 as well as a forecast thereof for 2020. The source projected the value would increase from 33.87 to 43.49 billion U.S. dollars in the presented period. 
 In 2017, the purchase price of still wine in France amounted to about 2.7 euros per liter, all types included. The average realized price of still wine remained fairly steady throughout the years until 2014, when it decreased to below three euros per liter. Still wine The average price serves as an indicator for a variety of different selling prices on the wine market, gathering all price ranges of still wines purchased in France. Still wine is the type of wine which does not sparkle when opening the wine bottle. According to the French legislation, this type of wine does not exceed 15% per volume (or 18% per volume without enrichment process) and is only obtained through an alcohol fermentation process. French still wine consumption French households spend in average 126.6 euros for still wine purchases in 2017. This expense had dropped since 2012, when the average household budget for still wine amounted to 134.1 euros. Nevertheless, French remained the biggest consumer of still wines within the European Union, with 23.3 million liters consumed in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the total volume of U.S. imports of trade goods and services from 2010 to 2019, by quarter. About 783.15 billion U.S. dollars worth of goods and services were imported into the U.S. in the third quarter of 2019. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Singapore from 1984 to 2024*. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Singapore amounted to around 64,578.77 U.S. dollars. For comparison, the country with the largest GDP per capita is currently Luxembourg with approximately 96 thousand dollars in 2015. 
 This statistic shows the share of American women who have ever masturbated alone in their lifetime, sorted by age group. The findings were acquired in early 2009 and published in the Journal of Sexual Medicine, a publication on sexual behavior in the United States, in 2010. 84.6 percent of respondents aged 25 to 29 stated they have masturbated alone at some time during their life. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to the gross domestic product (GDP) in Brazil from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the government expenditure in Brazil amounted to about 38.49 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the estimated sales of the luxury goods industry in selected countries in 2015. In that year, The United States' luxury goods industry was projected to have generated 78.6 billion euros.Luxury goods industryGenerally speaking, garments, accessories, jewellery, watches, fragrances and cosmetics are considered to be constituent parts of the luxury market. The U.S. luxury goods market has continued to soar to post-crisis heights in 2014, with its fifth year of growth. Globally, luxury goods sales are expected to exceed 220 billion euros by 2014. In terms of value, the four biggest markets are the United States, Japan, Italy and China, collectively accounting for almost half of total luxury goods sales.One weak spot for luxury goods, however, has long been online retailing, with luxury consumers not only wanting the product but also the in-store experience to go with it. E-boutiques are still very much a developing market channel; expect online luxury retailing to see long-term growth as luxury brands use it to access new markets.New markets and segments are giving the industry growth points. One challenge for luxury companies is to maintain brand equity and cultivate on their customer relationships. As luxury expands into more industries expect a more mature segmented market. As a result, consumers should also become more rational. 
 This statistic shows the results of a 2015 survey among adult Cubans living in Cuba on their opinion of Fidel Castro, their former President. 50 percent of respondents stated they have a very or somewhat negative opinion of Fidel Castro. 
 According to a survey conducted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), the number of hospitals in France steadily decreased between the years 2000 and 2012, going from 3,120 to 2,657 within twelve years. Nevertheless, this trend was abruptly reverted during the first year of the Hollande Presidency: the number of hospitals jumped from 2,657 in 2012 to 3,192 in 2013. The number of Public Hospitals in France have increased during Hollande’s presidency During the first year of the former French president François Hollande Presidency, the number of publicly owned hospitals in France also increased at an abrupt pace, going from 928 in 2012 to 1,458 hospitals in 2013. However, the number of individuals employed in the public health system or in all hospitals increased only slightly during the first three years of Hollande’s Presidency, going from around 1,298 thousand employees in 2013 to 1.3 million in 2015. The French Public Health System covers much of the per capita health expenses In 2019, the French Health System accounted for a small fraction of the public budget. In fact, only around 1,4 billion euros were destined to public health, compared to 44 billion euros allocated to for Defense. Yet, the health spending per capita in France is one of the highest among other develop countries. According to 2016 figures, around 4,600 U.S. dollars were spent per person in healthcare, of which 3,626 U.S. dollars were covered by the public health system. 
 This statistic gives information on the quarterly revenue of the chat-app LINE. In the fourth quarter of 2015, the Japanese chat app had generated 30 billion yen in revenues. This figure translates to approximately 247 million US dollars. These revenue figures only refer to LINE's core business, LINE app, and not to LINE Corporation's total revenue. 
 In 2019, most of Italians assumed to belong to the middle class. More specifically, 52 percent of individuals defined its social class as middle class. Moreover, 37 percent of Italians stated to be part of the lower social class. 
 The statistic shows the forecasted capacity of the global container ship fleet, a comparison between 2011 and 2015. In 2015, the global container ship fleet is expected to have a cargo capacity of around 20 million TEU (twenty-foot equivalent units). 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Portugal from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Portugal's real gross domestic product increased by around 2.44 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the largest accounting (CPA) firms in the United States in 2018, in terms of U.S. revenue. According to the rankings, Deloitte LLP was the largest accounting firm in the United States with U.S. revenue of 19.9 billion U.S. dollars. Leading accounting firms - additional information Deloitte was the leading CPA firm in the United States in 2018 with a revenue of 19.9 billion U.S. dollars in the fiscal year ending May, 2018. Worldwide, the company generated a revenue of around 43.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 – the largest source of this revenue being the Americas at 22.1 billion U.S. dollars. The company also employed well over 286,000 people worldwide. Accounting services in the U.S. In 2018, almost 13 percent of U.S. residents aged 30 to 49 years had used an accountancy service within the last 12 months. The number of accountants and auditors has remained at around 1.2 million in recent years. In 2018, there were 1.26 million people employed in these professions, this was forecasted to increase to 1.4 million by 2022. Although the sector is expected to flourish in terms of numbers, there is a considerable gender pay gap within the accounting and auditing industry. In 2017, men earned around 1,389 U.S. dollars per week where as women earned roughly 1,065 U.S. dollars per week for doing the same job. 
 This statistic shows major foreign holders of US treasury debt as of December 2019. At this time, Japan held treasury securities totaling about 1.15 trillion U.S. dollars. Foreign holders of United States treasury debt According to the Federal Reserve and U.S. Department of the Treasury, foreign countries held a total of 6.69 trillion U.S. dollars in U.S. treasury securities as of December 2019. Of the total 6.69 trillion held by foreign countries, Japan and Mainland China held the greatest portions. China held 1.07 trillion U.S. dollars in U.S. securities. Japan held 1.15 trillion U.S. dollars worth. Other foreign holders included oil exporting countries and Caribbean banking centers. In 2019, the United States had a total public national debt of 22.72 trillion U.S. dollars, an amount that has been rising steadily, particularly since 2008. In 2019, the total interest expense on debt held by the public of the United States reached 404 billion U.S. dollars, while 170 billion U.S. dollars in interest expense were intragovernmental debt holdings. Total outlays of the U.S. government were 4.11 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. By 2024, spending will reach 5.45 trillion U.S. dollars.
 This statistic shows the number of people employed in the United States mining industry from 1998 to 2018. In 2018, there were some 672,000 people employed by the U.S. mining industry. The U.S. mining industry has been active since colonial times, and continues to be an important industry. 
 This statistic illustrates the share of retail sales made online in the United Kingdom (UK) in May 2019, by retail sector. During this month, internet sales accounted for 18.1 percent of department store sales. 
 This statistic displays a timeline of the number of TV ads seen per individual per day in the United Kingdom from 2008 to 2015. In 2012, individuals saw on average 47 television commercials or advertisements per day. 
 The statistic shows U.S. sales of shampoo via different sales channels in 2011/2012. In that year, U.S. sales of shampoo via drug outlets amounted to 455.9 million U.S. dollars. Total U.S. shampoo sales were 1.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2011/2012.Hair Care Products MarketHair care is a dynamic and complex market, driven by the fundamental fact that people are always looking for hair that is more beautiful, healthier and easier to style. Consumers look for brands and products that meet their needs emotionally, delivering on the desire to have beautiful hair and functionally, to combat common hair problems. They frequently look for new products to address their hair concerns or to achieve a desired look. Shoppers want efficacious, technology-driven beauty products that deliver results.Innovation is critical in the hair category because consumers, predominantly women, have an evolving cycle of hair concerns and are constantly changing their hairstyle. This is an exciting time for the hair care category. The segment is always evolving as personal care manufacturers continue to introduce new offerings that meet consumer needs. In recent years, the hair care category has evolved from an industry dominated by monolithic mega-brands offering something for everyone to brands and products with customized solutions and ranges that address their unique needs. In the past, consumers had to visit a salon or specialty store for personalized hair care products, but today they can easily find tailored hair care solutions at grocery, drug and mass retailers. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Houston Rockets franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 348 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of fatal shootings by police in England and Wales from 2004/05 to 2018/19. During this period, the number of fatal shootings by police fluctuated, peaking in 2016/17 at 6 shootings. By 2018/19 it fell down to 3 shootings. 
 This statistic gives information on the most popular beauty brands on Facebook, ranked by number of followers on the social network. As of February 2020, personal care brand Bath & Body Works was ranked first with close to 9.8 million Facebook followers. 
 This statistic represents the market share of leading countries in machine tool production in 2018. That year, Germany accounted for some 17 percent of the world's machine tool production and was ranked second. Machine tool production by country In 2018, China topped the ranking of the largest machine tool producing countries worldwide. With machine tool production to the value of about 16.4 billion euros, China's market share dropped to 22 percent. China, Germany and Japan were the three leading machine tool manufacturers globally, while the United States (5.3 billion euros) and Italy (about 6.1 billion euros) accounted for seven and eight percent of global machine tool production respectively. The world’s biggest machine tool manufacturing companies include China’s Shenyang, Germany’s Trumpf, Germany-based DMG Mori Seiki and South Korea’s Hyundai. Overall, Asian countries accounted for over 50 percent of global machine tool production. The leading Asian machine tool producing countries include China, Japan, South Korea, Taiwan and India. 
 As of 2020, Amazon was the most valuable brand in the world with an estimated brand value of about 221 billion U.S. dollars. Google, which was the second leading brand in the world, had a brand value of about 160 billion U.S. dollars that year. Brand value Brand value, not to be mistaken with brand equity, is a phrase used in the marketing industry to describe the value of brands based on the implication that the owner of a well-known brand name can generate more money than from products with a less well known name, brand valuation is the estimation of a brands total value. This is achieved by following the International Organization for Standardization's ISO 10668 standard which maps out the appropriate process of valuing brands by adhering to six key requirements: transparency, validity, reliability, sufficiency, objectivity and financial, behavioral and legal parameters. A brand is an intangible asset (name, term, design, symbol or any other feature) identifies one seller's product from another and is often a corporation's most valued asset. Strong brands enhance business performance primarily through their influence on three key stakeholder groups: (current and prospective) customers, employees and investors. They influence customer choice and create loyalty; attract, retain, and motivate talent; and lower the cost of financing. For example, Google is one of the most recognized brands in the world. In North America alone the brand's value amounted to approximately 313.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. Ultimately, brands help shape perceptions and, therefore, purchasing behavior, making products and service less substitutable. Brands, therefore, create economic value by generating higher returns and growth, and by mitigating risk. 
 This statistic shows the electronics components total available market size worldwide from 2014 to 2018. In 2014, the electronics components total available market had a size of 303 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This timeline shows the net sales of Tiffany and Co. worldwide from 2011 to 2018. In 2016, global net sales of Tiffany & Co. amounted to approximately 4 billion U.S. dollars.Jewelry Retail Market WorldwideThe global jewelry industry seems poised for a glittering future as consumer appetite for jewelry, which was dampened by the global recession, now appears more voracious than ever. The jewlery market is personified by stifling competition. The sector sways between inexpensive jewelry pieces for daily wear, to special items like engagement rings and watches meant for celebrating special events, to investment pieces priced and sold similarly to antique pieces and fine art.Tiffany & Company is one of the leading competitors in the jewelry retail industry. The merchandise offerings include jewelry, timepieces, sterling silverware, china, crystal, stationery, fragrances and accessories. In 2016, Tiffany & Co. generated net sales of about 4 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. Fashion jewelry was the company's most engrossing product segment, generating about 1.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. Tiffany has adopted multiple direct distribution channels. This strategy has enabled the company to emerge as a prominent player in the jewelry and specialty retailer segment.Tiffany is one of the leading brand names in the fine jewelry market and as a result, is one of the world's premier jewelry designers and retailers. "Money makes the world go round," goes the refrain of a song from the 1972 musical movie, Cabaret. Just as this was true for Sally Bowles, the character played by Liza Minnelli, it is also the driving influence of the jewelry market. Personal income and the growing number of working women since 2009 has led to impressive growth, thus expanding the boundaries of its existing realm. 
 This statistic shows Inditex Group's number of stores in Asia and Africa as of January 31, 2019, by country. The number of Inditex stores in China amounted to 589. Inditex is one of the world's largest fashion retailers. It is headquartered in Arteixo, Spain. The Group has eight store formats: Zara, Pull & Bear, Massimo Dutti, Bershka, Stradivarius, Oysho, Zara Home, and Uterqüe. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. KFC's ACSI score was 78 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Colombia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Colombian population was 29.5 years. 
 There were just under 3.3 million battery electric vehicles in use globally in 2018. Almost 1.5 million battery electric vehicles were sold worldwide in 2018. Number of electric vehicles in use In light of tightening environmental regulations and increasing worldwide acceptance of electric transmission vehicles, a growing number of automakers are intending to tap into the market for electric vehicles. The world’s best-selling battery electric and plug-in hybrid vehicles include Tesla's Model S, Nissan’s Leaf and Toyota’s Prius Plug-in Hybrid. California-based Tesla Motors was among the first carmakers to assemble electric vehicles exclusively. In July 2014, Tesla and Panasonic paved the way for the construction and operation of the world's largest battery factory in the United States. In 2018, Tesla delivered nearly 245,000 vehicles worldwide. China is ranked as the largest market for all-electric vehicles. The growing demand for electric cars in markets such as China, the United States, and Norway is often triggered by government incentives including subsidies, exemptions from tolls and parking fees. 
 This statistic shows the Ukrainian gross domestic product (GDP) per capita from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ukraine's GDP per capita amounted to approximately 3,112.88 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Egypt from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 42.7 percent of Egypt's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 In 2019, the public sector expenditure on defense in the United Kingdom was 40.2 billion British pounds, a 1.5 billion increase from 2017/18. Compared with 2000/01 when the UK spent approximately 25.7 billion pounds, there has been a net increase of 14.5 billion pounds. NATO and the two percent pledge The United Kingdom is a founding member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) a military and political alliance initiated on the principle that an attack on one member is an attack on all. Members of NATO are expected to spend at least two percent of their Gross-Domestic Product on defense, a target which the United Kingdom just missed between 2015/16 and 2017/18 when it was 1.9 percent. Prior to 2016 the United Kingdom’s defense spending was always above this target and was higher than three percent of GDP before the mid-1990s. Global military spending Compared with the rest of the world, the United Kingdom spent the seventh most on defense, less than the United States, China, Saudi Arabia, India, France and Russia, but slightly more than Germany. In terms of military spending as a share of GDP, the UK was behind eight other countries, especially Saudi Arabia which spent 8.8 percent of it’s GDP on defense. 
 The total sales volume of passenger cars in the Netherlands fluctuated mainly between 400 thousand and 550 thousand from 2010 to 2019. The highest volume was reached in 2011 with 555,920 volumes sold, the lowest in 2014 with 387,572. Between 2016 and 2019, the number of passenger cars increased by approximately 63,000. Regarding the fuel types of passenger cars sold, most of these cars were petrol fueled. 75.4 percent of all sold cars had a petrol engine, whereas 12.9 percent had a diesel engine. However, most interestingly, the sales volume of electric fueled cars has increased. In 2011 electric fueled cars had a share of 0.2 percent, whereas in 2018 the share rose to 5.4 percent. It is a significant increase, even though it is a relatively small percentage compared to the petrol fueled cars. German cars popular With 50,190 passenger cars sold, Volkswagen had the highest sales volume of passenger cars in the Netherlands in 2018. This is roughly 12,000 and 14,000 more than Renault and Opel. Skoda, Audi and Seat, brands which occur in the top 20 leading brands, are part of the Volkswagen Group. These brands together had a sales volume of 42,500, which is roughly one-fourth of the total sales volume of all listed brands. Looking at the sales volume of car models, Volkswagen was with their Polo model the leading manufacturer as well with 14,585 volumes sold in 2018. Tesla with the highest revenue growth Considering the revenue of newly registered passenger cars in the Netherlands, Volkswagen had the highest revenue with approximately 1.6 billion euros in 2018. However, the highest value growth was achieved by the electric vehicle brand Tesla. In 2017, the revenue of Tesla amounted to 397 million euros, whereas by 2018 the numbers increased to 972 million euros. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, the number of Rakuten member IDs amounted to more than 111 million. The most recent figure constitutes an increase of about 8.6 percent compared to fourth quarter of the previous year. The Japanese e-commerce company is headquartered in Tokyo, where it was founded in 1997. 
 In 2018, the population density of Vietnam was around 308 people per square kilometer of land area. In that year, Vietnam's total population reached approximately 94.58 million. 
 This statistic shows the amount of foreign direct investment in Canada in 2018, distinguished by country. In 2018, direct investors from the United States invested 406.05 billion Canadian dollars in Canada. 
 The statistics show the global military spending during the years 2001 and 2018. In 2018, the world's military spending amounted to 1.78 trillion U.S. dollars, compared to 1.1 trillion U.S. dollars in 2001. 
 This statistic depicts the number of pirate attacks against ships worldwide from 2010 through 2019. There were 162 such incidents in 2019. Pirate attacks Although the term “pirate” may conjure up images of bearded men with eye patches, wooden legs and parrots who were convicted and buried centuries ago, pirate attacks are indeed posing a threat to today’s shipping lines all over the world. Contemporary maritime piracy reached its peak level in 2010, with around 445 reported incidents. The regions most likely to come under threat from pirate attacks include Indonesia, the Malaysia, and Nigeria. Here, pirates are attracted by the abundance of natural resources in the countries themselves or in adjacent areas. Strategic passages for oil transport such as Bab-el-Mandeb, near Somalia, or the Strait of Malacca off the Indonesian coast have become notorious targets for maritime crime. In 2013, oil tankers shipped 15.2 million barrels of oil per day through the Strait of Malacca; this exceeds the daily volume of oil imported into the whole of the European Union. With oil prices hovering around 70 U.S. dollars per barrel in 2018, the hijacking of a crude oil tanker sounds like a promising deal for pirates. In 2017, Venezuela was thrust into the limelight: Here, the number of incidents rose from five to 12 between 2016 and 2017. It is often the crew and the pirates themselves who pay most dearly for maritime crime. In Somali waters, at least 149 crew members were held hostage in 2011, and over 100 pirates were killed - mostly by naval forces such as armed guards, who are increasingly seen to be of central importance to the protection of merchant ships. 
 LyondellBasell’s employment was around 19,500 workers as of 2018. LyondellBasell’s company goals are to create solutions to food safety and access, clean water, clean air and fuel, health care, and sustainable living. LyondellBasell Company Overview LyondellBasell is one of the world’s leading chemicals, plastics, and refining companies globally. LyondellBasell has locations in 15 countries globally and has administrative offices in Huston, Texas, Rotterdam, London, and Hong Kong. As of 2019 LyondellBasell was the fourth leading chemical company globally based on revenue. LyondellBasell’s revenue has been on variable in recent years, but has been increasing since 2016. U.S. Chemical Industry The U.S. chemical industry is comprised of big-name chemical companies such as DowDuPont and PPG Industries, to name a few. Companies and manufacturers in the chemical industry are responsible for taking raw materials and chemically altering them to create different materials. Over the last several years the U.S. chemical industry has shown steady revenue growth. 
 This timeline presents the value of the Thai entertainment and media market from 2008 to 2011 and provides a forecast until 2017. In 2011, the entertainment and media market in Thailand was worth over 7.93 billion U.S. dollars and PwC expected it to reach 14.79 billion by 2017. Here you can find a distribution of the value by subsector. 
 This statistic shows the change in the price of gasoline per liter in selected countries for the period between December 2018 and December 2019. The price changes concern unleaded premium (95 RON) for France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom, and regular unleaded for Canada, Japan, and the United States. In December 2019, the gasoline price per liter in the U.S. was eight percent higher than it was in December 2018. Gasoline prices worldwide The price of gasoline is a frequently discussed issue, and is a part of almost everybody’s life in developed countries. Gasoline prices worldwide are dependent of a number of factors: crude oil prices, costs for processing and distribution, demand, strength of currencies, taxation, and availability. The most influential factor is the crude oil price. This price includes the costs for exploration, extraction, and transport. What the consumer pays in the end is also an issue of national oil pricing policy. Typical regions with high taxes on gasoline are European countries and Japan. Other countries keep consumer prices low by subsidizing the costs for gasoline. Among latter countries are the United States, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Venezuela, Egypt, Malaysia, Bolivia, and others. There are many other factors, however, which directly influence the price of gasoline. Wars, crises, and natural disasters in oil producing regions, for example, can obstruct the production and transportation, and thus cause higher crude oil prices. Last but not least, the end-consumer defines the price through his or her demand. A higher number of people driving cars means higher prices for gasoline, which is often the case in the summer months or holiday seasons. The gasoline prices in this statistic are compared based on unleaded premium gasoline (RON 95) for France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, and regular unleaded gasoline for Canada, Japan and the United States (AKI 87). RON stands for Research Octane Number, while AKI means Anti-Knock Index. Both represent the most common octane rating in the countries shown. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Ghana from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Ghana's gross domestic product amounted to around 65.52 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The graph depicts the winning percentages of pro tennis players in 2016. Andy Murray had the highest winning percentage of all male players, winning 87.8 percent (78 out of 87) of his matches. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Chicago Bears, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Chicago Bears was 453 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the sales growth of the leading men's toiletries/grooming/aftershave brands in the United States in 2014. In that year, Old Spice toiletries and grooming products saw the highest increase with a 69.5 percent increase in sales. Many brands experienced only a marginal increase, and several saw a significant decline in sales over the last year. 
 This statistic provides information on the internet usage penetration in South Africa from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 63.8 percent of the South African population were internet users. This share is projected to grow to 80.8 percent in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the number of cases of child abuse in the U.S. from 1990 to 2010. In 1990, about 690,658 cases were reported. 
 In 2018, 96.9 percent of women between the ages of 15 and 19 years old in the United States were childless -- the most out of any age group. In the same year, 15 percent of women between the ages of 40 and 44 years old were childless. Demographics of women without children As of 2018, a little less than half of all women in the U.S. were childless. About 63.5 percent of women without children did not have a high school degree, which is in line with the largest percentage of childless women being between the ages of 15 and 19. Additionally, about 47.6 percent of Asian women in the United States did not have any children, more than the national average. Births in the U.S. Asian women in the United States had the lowest fertility rate per 1,000 women, while Native Hawaiian and Pacific Islander women had the highest fertility rate. The vast majority of all births in the U.S. were to women between the ages of 20 and 39, but it is worth noting that births in the United States have been declining over the past few decades. 
 This statistic shows the results of a 2013 survey among Americans aged 16 and older regarding the qualities they are looking for in a close friend. This statistic only shows the top five answers to that question. 81 percent of the respondents stated a close friend has to be loyal. 
 JPMorgan Chase reported net revenue of 109.03 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, a record high for the firm. After 2008, its net revenue increased, consistently posted above 90 billion U.S. dollars each year. Why is net revenue important? Net revenue gives an idea of how much money a firm takes in, subtracting the cost of goods and services sold. It is linked to net income, another measure on the bank’s income sheet. This information helps investors and analysts understand the performance of JP Morgan. Both are GAAP measures, meaning they conform to the “generally accepted accounting principles” and are therefore reported consistently across firms. Other measures In addition to the financial flows, many analysts look to the financial size, as measured either by total assets or the market capitalization. Also, the number of employees can give have an idea of the physical size of JPMorgan Chase’s operations. These measures together paint a picture of the firm which investors pore over, trying to predict the future value of stock price. 
 This statistic displays the results of a survey on the share of individuals in Great Britain who used the internet in order to make travel arrangements in 2019, by age and gender. The survey was conducted via interviews and gathered data from 1,800 households, providing a nationally representative sample of households in Great Britain. Households were sampled monthly and estimates are subject to sampling variability. Making travel arrangements online was most common among the 25 to 34 year old demographic, with 57 percent of individuals within this group having made travel arrangement purchases (eg transport tickets, car hire) online in 2019. The smallest proportion of people who did so was among people 65 years and older. A forecast of the digital travel sales worldwide predicts that online travel arrangement purchases will increase. Travel arrangements category was the fifth most popular type of goods and services purchased online in Great Britain in 2017. Further information on the travel market in the United Kingdom can be found in the Dossier: Holiday travel in the United Kingdom. 
 This statistic displays a forecast of the annual value of capital expenditures in the chemical industry worldwide from 2019 to 2023. In 2023, the total capital expenditure in the global chemical industry is expected to reach 239 billion U.S. dollars. Appreciation of the U.S. dollar is likely to reduce costs and increase production in the chemical industry. The capacity of the chemical industry is also continuing to increase and will likely contribute to innovation and more efficient production. 
 As of 2018, the U.S. states with the highest smoking rates included West Virginia, Kentucky, Arkansas, and Indiana. In West Virginia, around a quarter of all adults smoked as of this time. The percentage of the U.S. population who are smokers has decreased over the past decades, dropping to 14 percent in 2017. Who smokes? The smoking rates for both genders have decreased for many years, but males continue to smoke at higher rates than females. Smoking is also more prevalent among those aged 25 to 64 years, and less so among the younger and older. Concerning race and ethnicity, smoking is by far most prevalent among American Indians, and least prevalent among Asians. Health impacts of smoking The negative health impacts of smoking are vast. Smoking increases the risk of heart disease, stroke, and many different types of cancers. For example, smoking is estimated to be attributable to 81 percent of all deaths from lung cancer among adults 30 years and older in the United States. Smoking is currently the leading cause of preventable death in the U.S. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Tanzania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Tanzania's gross domestic product amounted to around 56.85 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Tennessee Titans from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Tennessee Titans was 64,509. 
 This graph shows the total number of active duty U.S. military personnel by service branch as of 2010. At this time there were 323,139 military personnel in the Navy and 329,640 personnel in the Air Force. 
 In the academic year 2018/19 there were approximately 32.1 thousand schools in the United Kingdom, around 655 schools less than there were in the 2010/11 academic year. Throughout most of this period there has been a steady decline in the number of schools in the United Kingdom. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the San Francisco Giants from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the San Francisco Giants was 33,429. • San Francisco Giants total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the circulation of daily newspapers in Germany in selected years from 1991 to 2019. In 1991, German daily newspapers had a daily circulation of roughly 27.3 million copies. Twenty years later, circulation figures amounted to less than 19 million copies. German daily newspaper circulation has been declining steadily during the evaluation period. As of 2019, the number of copies sold amounted to 13.5 million - a steep drop compared to the figures from 1991. Several key factors contribute to these developments include the expansion and rapid advancement of online news media, with consumers switching to finding the information they search for online instead of in print, as well as rising mobility and the desire to use media and read news on the go. Last but not least, the continuing rapid development and use of mobile devices such as tablets or mobile phones also changes news media preferences among consumers, particularly in regard to print media, and among these, daily newspapers. 
 This statistic shows how Americans plan to celebrate Independence Day on July 4th in 2017, according to a survey conducted in June 2017. Independence Day, also known as the Fourth of July, is a federal holiday in the United States commemorating the Declaration of Independence on July 4, 1776, when the United States declared its independence from the Kingdom of Great Britain. During the survey, 65.5 percent of American respondents stated that they were planning to celebrate this year's Independence Day with a cookout, a barbecue or a picnic. 
 This statistic represents Bombardier's revenue between the 2007 and 2018 fiscal years. In the 2018 fiscal year, the manufacturer of regional aircraft, business jets, mass transportation equipment and recreational equipment had revenues of 16.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows Skype usage among smartphone owners in the United States as of February 2017, sorted by age group. During the survey period, 29 percent of U.S. smartphone users stated that they were Skype users. 
 This statistic shows the results of a Statista survey conducted in the United States in 2017 on tattoos and body modification. During the survey the respondents were asked how many piercings they have. 32 percent of the respondents said they only have one piercing. 
 The online gaming platform, Steam, was first released by the Valve Corporation in 2003. What started off as a small platform for Valve to provide updates to its games has turned into the largest computer gaming platform in the world. As of September 2019, Steam reached a peak of 14.15 million concurrent users. Not just a place for indie games In its very beginnings, Steam was a tiny platform that released only seven games in 2004. By 2018, this number stood at 9,050, ranging from Goat Simulator to Grand Theft Auto V. Despite the extraordinary range of games available from tiny indie games to worldwide blockbusters, a handful of games command the most attention from gamers. PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds was the most popular Steam game in 2018, having reached more than 3.2 million players in a single hour in its peak, almost four times the players of its closest competitor, DOTA 2. Can Steam keep pace with its competitors?Steam added approximately 62.76 million new users in 2017, nearly 2.5 million more than in the previous year. However, it seems that all is not rosy with the gaming platform as its user retention rate has steadily fallen in recent years. With console giants, Xbox and PlayStation, continually producing hits and exclusives from the production line, can Steam keep up with the times? Epic Games, the creator of the worldwide sensation, Fortnite, also wants to get a slice of the pie, after launching its Epic Games Store in December 2018 as a direct competitor to Steam. In the continually evolving gaming market, who will come out on top? 
 This statistic shows the raw value of sugar imports to the United States from 2009/2010 to 2018/2019. In 2016/2017, the United States imported approximately 2.94 million metric tons of sugar. 
 Deutsche Bank’s tier 1 capital ratio sank to 14.9 percent in 2018, down from 16.8 percent the year before. Still, this is two percentage points higher than the years after the 2008 Financial Crisis. What is tier 1 capital? Tier 1 capital is money that a bank must keep on hand, here expressed as a percentage of overall assets. This ratio is important because banks do not hold their total assets in their vault. Instead, they issue loans for which they can charge interest. The capital that they keep on hand is a buffer to ensure that they can cover any demands for withdrawals. Preventing a bank run If a large share of depositors request money at the same time, the bank may have trouble repaying them all immediately. This is called a bank run and can lead to bank failures, like those in 1930 and 1931. Fortunately, Deutsche Bank can rely on the European Central Bank’s marginal lending facility for overnight loans in case of a run on deposits. However, with a robust tier 1 capital ratio, the need for overnight loans should be minimal. 
 How many cars are registered in Norway? As of 2018, roughly 2.75 million passenger cars were registered in Norway, making them the most popular vehicle type in the Scandinavian country. Trailers and vans accounted for the second and third highest stock of vehicles in Norway, at around 1.45 million and 477 thousand, respectively. How many cars are sold in Norway? In 2018, the number of passenger cars sold in Norway amounted to nearly 148 thousand. Although this was a decrease compared to the year before, the amount of newly registered cars generally grew in the past decade. Akershus was the county with highest number of car registrations that year, at about 353 thousand. What percent of cars are electric in Norway? Electric cars account for the highest share of sold passenger cars. To be precise, over 31 percent of newly registered cars in Norway were electric. Compared to the previous year, this was an increase of ten percent. By contrast, the sales share of gasoline powered cars decreased in the same period, from almost 25 percent to 22 percent. 
 This statistic shows the daily circulation of the Arizona Republic newspaper in the United States in 2018. The newspaper had a Sunday circulation of just under 380 thousand in that year. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in Florida from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, unemployment rate in Florida was 3.6 percent. You can access the monthly unemployment rate for the United States here. Employment situation in Florida The Florida unemployment rate has risen and fallen over the last two decades from a low of 3.2 percent in 2006 to a high of 11.1 percent in 2010. Similarly, the unemployment rate in California reached a low of 4.9 percent in 2006 and a high of 12.2 percent in 2010. As of 2014, there was a total of 7.82 million non-farm employees in Florida , with 1.62 million people working in trade, transportation, and utilities industries and 1.16 million people employed in education and health services. During the same time, the employment to population ratio in the state totaled some 56.9 percent, in comparison to 70.6 percent in North Dakota. The fluctuations in unemployment rates can vary due to both domestic and global factors. Locality, skill gap, labor unions, and job openings relative to unemployed numbers can influence monthly unemployment rates, while the outsourcing of jobs by American companies can impact the nation’s availability of jobs. In Florida, the unemployment benefits program is named the Reemployment Assistance Program to emphasize the job search and reemployment services offered. To be eligible, you must have lost your job through no fault of your own, must be available to work and be actively seeking work, and must have a minimum amount of wages earned during a base period. 
 This statistic presents the global revenue of U.S. advertising network Omnicom from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the Omnicom Group generated a global revenue of 15.29 billion U.S. dollars, slight increase from 15.27 billion a year earlier. Here you can find out which of Omnicom's operating sectors generates the most revenue. 
 The Dallas Cowboys had an operating income of 420 million U.S. dollars in 2018, the largest of all the NFL teams and almost double the figure of the team ranked second, the New England Patriots. At the other end of the rankings, the Oakland Raiders had the smallest operating income in the league at 28 million U.S. dollars. Cowboys top the rich list Operating income refers to how much of a team’s revenue will become profit after deducting operating expenses, such as wages. The average operating income of an NFL team was around 102 million U.S. dollars in 2018. The Cowboys generated overall revenues of 950 million U.S. dollars in 2018 and not only ranked as the most valuable NFL team, but also the most valuable sports team worldwide – despite not playing in the Super Bowl since the 1995 season. Raiders gamble on Las Vegas move The annual revenue of the Oakland Raiders has increased since 2001, but it was still the lowest of all 32 NFL teams in 2018. However, this may change over the next few years because the franchise is moving to a new stadium in a new city: Las Vegas. The team is scheduled to play as the Las Vegas Raiders from the start of the 2020 NFL season, and the relocation is expected to generate more revenue from sponsorships, especially from the naming rights deal for the new stadium. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Argentina from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Argentinian population was 30.5 years. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Angels games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 30.92 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees of Credit Suisse from 2005 to 2018 worldwide. In 2018, Credit Suisse employed 45,680 people. 
 This statistic shows the total number of shopping malls in the United States in 2010, sorted by size, in square feet of gross leasable area. In 2010, there were 10,967 shopping malls operating within the United States with between 100,001 and 200,000 square feet of gross leasable area. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide forecast of pharmaceutical sector growth between 2017 and 2030, sorted by select country. The forecast predicts that between 2017 and 2030 the pharmaceutical sector worldwide will grow by 160 percent, with the biggest growth forecast given for India with 232 percent. 
 The statistic shows Dallas Cowboys players with the most rushing yards in franchise history. Emmitt Smith is the career rushing leader of the Dallas Cowboys with 17,162 yards. 
 The statistic depicts the reserves of magnesite (magnesium compounds) worldwide as of 2019, by major countries. At this point, magnesite reserves in Spain amounted to approximately 35 million metric tons. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in South Sudan from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in South Sudan amounted to about 83.49 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph shows a forecast of the Gross Domestic Product of the United States of America for fiscal years 2019 to 2030. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) refers to the market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period. According to the CBO, the United States GDP will increase steadily over the next decade from 21.22 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019 to 32 trillion U.S. dollars in 2030. The annual GDP of the United States for recent years can be found here. Also, view the monthly inflation rate for the country. 
 The timeline presents data on textbook publishing revenue generated in the United States from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue amounted to 8.79 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline shows Caterpillar's expenses for research and development from the fiscal year of 2007 to the fiscal year of 2018. Caterpillar's expenses for research and development accounted for around 1.85 billion U.S. dollars in the fiscal year of 2018. 
 The average revenue per user (ARPU) of mobile broadband customers in Europe has fallen steadily since 2011, reaching an estimated 14.8 euros per month in 2018. This is a decrease of 22.9 percent on the ARPU generated in 2011. Shrinking need for mobile broadband The decline of mobile broadband, as demonstrated by the falling ARPU and the diminishing penetration rate in countries such as the United Kingdom (UK), can partially be attributed to the increased speeds and reliability that comes with 3G and 4G mobile networks. Instead of relying on a dongle or datacard, users can connect directly from their phone, or connect a laptop to the internet using a mobile device to create a tethered connection. One sign of this phenomenon is the increased volume of data consumed by mobile users in many regions. In March 2011, the average monthly mobile data used per active SIM card in Great Britain (GB) reached .11 gigabytes. By June 2017, average data volumes increased to 1.9 gigabytes per active British SIM card.5G on the horizon 5G is the primary tech that looks set to change how we connect in the future. Offering peak speeds up to 20x faster than 4G and a much greater maximum bandwidth, 5G should revolutionize mobile data not just for consumers, but for a range of commercial and industrial applications. By 2025, it is expected that the number of 5G connections will grow to 1.1 billion worldwide. 
 This statistic presents information on the quarterly revenue of Zalando from the first quarter of 2012 to second quarter of 2019. As of the second quarter of 2019, the Germany-based fashion retailer's revenue amounted to approximately 1.6 billion euros, which marked an increase on the previous quarter. Over the period in question, Zalando's quarterly revenue increased from 214 million to approximately 1.4 billion euros, exceeding the one billion euro level for the first time in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the net income of Capcom worldwide in the fiscal years 2002 to 2019. In the fiscal year 2019, Capcom's net income amounted to 12.55 billion yen, up from 10.94 billion yen a year earlier. 
 The statistic shows information on the monthly number of peak concurrent players of Rocket League on Steam worldwide as of January 2020. In January 2020, Rocket League reached 81.64 thousand concurrent players on Steam. In the measured period, the game reached its record high peak concurrent player number in April 2016, with over 102.68 thousand gamers playing at the same time. 
 The average daily temperature in the United Kingdom (UK) has remained relatively stable since 2001, with temperatures rarely straying below 10 degrees Celsius. In 2019, the UK had and average daily temperature of 10.5 degrees Celsius. The highest average daily temperature during the period shown was recorded in 2014 at 10.9 degrees Celsius. On average, temperatures across the UK are warmest in England. British summertime Britain is not known for its blisteringly hot summer months, with the average temperatures in this season varying greatly since 1990. In 1993, the average summer temperature was as low as 13.39 degrees Celsius, whilst 2018 saw a peak of 15.8 degrees Celsius. In the same year, the highest mean temperature occurred in July at 17.3 degrees Celsius. Variable weather Due to its location and the fact that it is an island, the United Kingdom experiences a diverse range of weather, sometimes in the same day. It is in an area where five air masses meet, creating a weather front. Each brings different weather conditions, such as hot, dry air from North Africa and wet and cold air from the Arctic. 
 This statistic displays Google's operating income from 2013 through 2019. In 2019, the internet company's operating income amounted to 41.67 billion U.S. dollars. Google is the main revenue generator of online business conglomerate Alphabet. 
 In the second half of 2018, the average electricity price for households in France amounted to 17.99 euro cents per kWh. Since 2010, the electricity prices for household consumption have been continuously increasing: from 12.83 cent per kilowatt-hour, it went up with roughly six euro cents in eight years. Residential energy consumption in France As of 2016, the residential energy consumption among French households was mainly comprised of space heating consumption: 66 percent of residential energy consumption resulted from heating. In addition to this, the share of electricity within the total energy expenditure of French households – excluding fuel consumption – has been increasing since 1960, reaching more than 55 percent in 2016. The development of renewable energy sources in France Although nuclear power still accounted for the most important part of electricity production in 2018 in France (393 TWh), the second and third electricity sources were hydropower and wind power, both renewable energy sources. Furthermore, the production capacity of electricity from solar power has been steadily and significantly increasing from 808 megawatt in 2010 to more than 7,000 MW in 2018. The residential solar photovoltaic power capacity has also gone up to more than 1,000 MW generated in 2018, more than tripling compared to 2010. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Singapore from 1984 to 2018, with forecasts up to 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Singapore's gross domestic product amounted to around 364.14 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows, according to survey respondents, the most important election issues that should be addressed in the run up to the 2015 United Kingdom (UK) General Election (as of December 2014). With 50 percent of respondents, immigration was considered to be the most important topic, followed by the National Health Service (NHS) and the European Union (EU). 
 This statistic shows the countries in which travel and tourism held the largest share of GDP worldwide in 2013. According to the World Travel & Tourism Council, the travel and tourism industry contributed around 13.6 percent of the GDP of Malta. 
 China is the world’s most populous country. Its rapid economic development over the past decades has profited greatly from its large labor market. While the overall conditions for Chinese labor force are improving, the size of labor market in China is shrinking. And since the aging population is increasing and few children were born in the country, the share of employed people in the population of China keeps decreasing; the unemployment rate was 65.2 percent in 2019. Economic slowdown - impact on labor market After decades of rapid development, the world’s second largest economy now seems to have obstacles to boosting its economy further. The growth rate of GDP reached new record low and the number of employed people decreased for the first time in the last decade in 2018. Under the influence of the global economic downturn and the US-China trade war, many Chinese enterprises engaged in international trade are having tough times, which leads to a recession in China’s labor market. Chances for better employment situation After numerous discussions, it’s still not clear if the United States and China would sign any trade deal in the next months. The long-lasting trade war has caused China great loss on its international trade sector, which has been driving China’s economic growth for decades. However, there is also a lot China could learn. First, the potential of domestic demands should be further developed and satisfied with high-quality products. Second, it’s good timing to eliminate backward industries with low value-added. And the high-tech and environment-friendly industries should be further promoted. In addition, China’s market can be more open to services, especially in the financial sector and IT services to attract more foreign investors. Highly skilled talents should be better valued in the labor market. Efficient vocational education and further education could also help change the structure of China’ labor market. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Wyndham Worldwide from 2005 to 2017. Global hotel company Wyndham Worldwide Corporation generated approximately 5.1 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2017. 
 The biggest online stores in Italy include international players like Amazon, Inc., Zalando SE or Apple, Inc. With a revenue of US$2, 468.1m amazon.it is leading the Italian e-commerce market directly followed by apple.com with US$456.9m. Third place went to zalando.it with over US$400.0m.The top 5, mostly controled by international playersesselungaacasa.it is one of the top five online stores and the only one run by an Italian company. Esselunga Group is one of the largest retail store chain operating in northern and central Italy with numerous supermarket and superstores. Founded in 1957 in Milano, Italy, as of 2018 it has more than 24, 000 employees, 150 points of sale and generates a turnover of EUR8.0bn.The Italian e-commerce market has a big potentialAccording to the Digital Market Outlook, the revenue in the B2C Italian e-commerce market amounts to US$13, 827.0m in 2018. The online sales are expected to show an annual growth rate (CAGR 2019-2023) of 10.4%, resulting in a market volume of US$23, 479.0m by 2023. Moreover and according to the same source, in 2018, 96% of total e-commerce purchases in Italy is domestic. 
 This statistic shows the percentage distribution of household income in the United States in 2018. In 2018, 12 percent of U.S. private households had an annual income between 35,000 and 49,999 U.S. dollars. Income and poverty The largest proportion of citizens, at 17.2 percent, earn an annual household income between 50,000 to 74,999 U.S. dollars. Household income in the United States can be used to track economic status and trends across the country. After the economic recession in 2009, the distribution of household incomes has become more unequal and has made income inequality more prominent across many metropolitan areas. Household incomes can also determine if an individual is eligible for certain programs like college financial aid. Between 2000 and 2010, the poverty rate in the U.S. has increased steadily; however, in the recent years there is a trend of poverty decline among U.S. population, reaching 11.8 percent in 2018. About 10.2 percent of households currently earn less than 15,000 U.S. dollars annually. Based on a four-person household in the United States, earning less than 23,492 U.S. dollars annually would put a family under the poverty threshold. Some 24.4 million households currently live under 25,000 U.S. dollars per year . About one-fifth of both the total Black and Hispanic populations were living below the poverty line in 2018. 
 In the fiscal year of 2018, China was the largest sales market for BMW. China accounted for almost 26 percent of Rolls-Royce, BMW, and MINI sales. Chinese customers bought about 640,800 such vehicles in the 2018 fiscal year. This is more than twice as many vehicles as were snapped up by motorists in Germany. U.S. consumers are losing interest in MINI Between the 2014 and 2018 fiscal years, BMW sales in the United States fell from almost 400,000 to about 356,000 units. While BMW’s small MINI hatchbacks were never going to take the U.S. market by storm, nobody at BMW will have foreseen the low and disappointing sales figures of May 2019: MINI sales dropped 33.2 percent in May 2019 over May 2018. The luxury car maker’s revenue, too, is indicative of tepid year-on-year growth in the United States, as well as negative growth in the European market. However, it should be noted that BMW’s overall year-end sales figures in the United States increased in 2018 over 2019. Additionally, BMW-branded vehicle sales in the U.S. had risen for the 14th month straight in December 2018. 
 This statistic shows the population of the Netherlands by religion in 2018. This statistic shows that in 2018 roughly half of the Dutch population did not identify with any religious denomination. Of the religious population, the largest number of people (nearly 25 percent) identified themselves as Roman Catholics. That is particularly interesting, as the dominating church in the Netherlands since the Reformation had been the Protestant church. According to the source, approximately 15 percent of the Dutch population considered themselves a member of the three main protestant churches, the Dutch Reformed Church, the Protestant Church in the Netherlands and the Reformed Churches in the Netherlands. The category 'other' includes not only the smaller protestant churches, but also religions that are newer to the Netherlands, such as Buddhism, Hinduism and Islam. According to this statistic, Muslims made up five percent of the population in the Netherlands. 
 In 2019, the population of Luxembourg amounted to nearly 614,000. The largest age groups were formed by those between 30 and 34 years old (47,863 people) and between 35 and 39 years old (48,111 people). By comparison: only 766 people were 95 years or older. Luxembourg’s foreign population Just like Andorra or Monaco, Luxembourg has a large foreign population. Almost as many people with a foreign citizenship as Luxembourgish citizens live in the country. In 2019, the share of foreign nationals living in the Grand Duchy reached nearly 48 percent. That year, of Luxembourg’s population roughly 322,400 people had the Luxembourgish nationality, the remaining 291,500 were foreign nationals. Differences between the Luxembourgish and foreign nationals Comparing the Luxembourgish and the foreign nationals, most of the foreign nationals were between 35 and 44 years old. Among the Luxembourgish nationals, this was also a large group, but the largest age groups were composed of those 20 to 29 years and those between 50 and 59 years old. 
 In 2017, the United States had 1,269 municipal waste landfills. Most of the landfills in the United States were located on the West Coast. Landfills Landfills or dumps are one of the most common forms of waste treatment in the world. It is the oldest type of waste treatment technique and is still used as a form of waste management. At these sites, waste is broken down into smaller parts and is either compacted or buried with layers of soil and other organic materials. This process is essential to extending the life of landfills. Waste is often brought to landfills by waste collection vehicles. However, countries such as Germany, Austria, Sweden, Denmark, Belgium, and Switzerland have banned the disposal of waste in landfills. Only hazardous waste is allowed to be deposited. The largest landfill in the world was the Estrutural, located in Brazil. Landfills in the United States Landfills in the United States are regulated by each state’s environmental agency, however they are all required to abide by the standards set by the Environmental Protection Agency. Food, yard trimmings, and inorganic wastes made up the highest amount of waste material in 2017 that was discarded into the municipal waste stream in the United States. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the New York Giants from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the New York Giants was 74,664. 
 This statistic illustrates the proportion of young people who read magazines outside of class in the United Kingdom from 2005 to 2015. The percentage of school children aged 8 to 18 years who read magazines declined since 2005, and was 43.1 percent in 2015. Magazines ranked highly among media read by young people.
 2019 has been the most successful year in Estée Lauder’s history. After a decade of almost constant growth, the company generated global net sales of over 14.98 billion U.S. dollars by the end of 2019. Estée Lauder Companies Inc.: an American success story Estée Lauder, based in Manhattan, was founded in 1946. The brand has grown to become one of the leading global beauty empires. Today, Estée Lauder employs over 40,000 people worldwide and has been named the best U.S. employer for women in 2019. Having acquired many successful brands like Clinique and MAC over the last few decades, the company now sells products in over 150 countries through limited distribution channels like department stores, perfumeries, or travel retail locations. Skincare products are fueling sales growth Estée Lauder manufactures and markets skincare, makeup, fragrance and haircare products. Among the four product categories, skincare and makeup are the company’s most profitable sources of revenue. While its business is primarily focused on prestige beauty, several of the acquired brands like MAC or Too Faced are particularly popular with teenagers. By diversifying its brand portfolio, Estée Lauder manages to stay relevant and grow its global revenue annually. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Italy from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Italy was around 2.56 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in the Euro area from June 2018 to June 2019. The term inflation means the devaluation of money caused by a permanent increase of the price level for products (consumer goods, investment goods). The Consumer Price Index shows the price development for private expenses and shows the current level of inflation when increasing. In June 2019, the inflation rate in the Euro area reached 1.3 percent compared to the same month of the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of married people in Canada in 2018, distinguished by age group. In 2018, 2,793 married Canadians were between 15 and 19 years of age. 
 The graph shows per capita gross domestic product (GDP) in China until 2017, with forecasts until 2024. In 2017, per capita GDP ranged at around 8,677 U.S. dollars in China. That year, the overall GDP of China had amounted to 12.06 trillion U.S. dollars. Per capita GDP in China – additional information Gross domestic product is a commonly-used economic indicator for measuring the state of a country’s economy. GDP is the total market value of goods and services produced in a country within a given period of time, usually a year. Per capita GDP is defined as the GDP divided by the total number of people in the country. This indicator is generally used to compare the economic prosperity of countries with varying population sizes. In 2010, China overtook Japan and became the world’s second-largest economy. As of 2012, it was the largest exporter and the second largest importer in the world. However, one reason behind its economic strength lies within its population size. China has to distribute its wealth among over 1.3 billion people. By 2014, China’s per capita GDP was only about one seventh as large as that of main industrialized countries. When compared to other emerging markets, China ranked third among BRIC countries in terms of GDP per capita, followed only by India. According to projections by the IMF, per capita GDP in China will escalate from around 3,740 U.S. dollars in 2009 to 10,586 U.S. dollars in 2019. Possible reasons for this are the soaring economy and low population growth. China’s economic structure is also undergoing changes. A major trend lies in the shift from an industry-based to a service-based economy. 
 The average house rent price in the Netherlands reached a value of approximately 16 euros per square meter in the third quarter of 2019. This was an increase of 3.6 percent compared to the previous year, an increase the source describes as “rather moderate”. This because housing prices tended to increase at much higher rates in 2019. Note that the numbers shown in this statistic are not from a governmental institution, but concern rental housing being offered on the website of the source in the specific quarters. This implies the numbers only show rents of property on the free market and excludes social housing. No difference was made between the type of rental housing, such as houses, apartments, rooms or studios. Big cities well above the average rent price Cities in the Randstad area (the areas surrounding Amsterdam, The Hague, Utrecht and Rotterdam) have a big influence on the average rental price in the Netherlands. This is especially true for Amsterdam, as the Dutch capital registered an average rent price of roughly 23 euros per square meter at the end of 2019. Utrecht (18 euros per square meter), The Hague and Rotterdam (both around 16 euros) were also well above the national average, but rents in these cities increased at a higher rate than in Amsterdam. Are these rents expensive or not? A historical development of rent price indices suggests that rents in the Netherlands are at their highest level since 1990. This graph, however, does not mention whether it has a correction for inflation or not. It is unclear whether any institution researched the development of “real” rent prices for the Netherlands. Statista can offer two components for a potential comparison: the annual housing rent percentage increase between 1990 and 2019 as well as the inflation rate of the Netherland from 2008 to 2018. 
 The statistic shows the number of hours per week that the survey respondents spend on consuming sports on average in the United States from 2011 to 2013. In 2012, that number was at 8.1 hours per week. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of pork in the United States from 2015 to 2018 and provides a forecast until 2028. The U.S. per capita consumption of pork amounted to 50.8 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Albania from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Albania amounted to about 2.03 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2015, Dubai was the city with the highest number of tourists staying at least one night per capita. That same year, international overnight visitor spending in Dubai reached 28.5 billion US dollars. The city, which is the largest and most populous city in the United Arab Emirates, was also one of the most expensive holiday destinations in the world in 2018. In 2016, 14.87 million people visited Dubai from abroad. Europe and Asia: top destinations According to the source, most of the 20 tourist cities with the highest number of visitor arrivals per capita were Asian or European cities. After Dubai, Amsterdam and Prague were the second and third cities with the greatest number of tourists spending at least one night per capita. With respectively, 2.7 and 2.5 visitors per capita, the two European cities were followed by another one: London. Singapore, ranked fifth with 2.1 visitors per capita, was the first Asian city in the list. Thus, New-York the first North American city of this ranking was 17th. It appears that Europe remains one of the most popular tourist destinations. Asia was also a very attractive destinations for international visitors with Hong-Kong being the leading city destination in 2017. Focus on tourism in Europe Since the nineties, the number of international tourist arrivals in Europe keeps increasing. France is the European country with the largest number of international visitors’ arrivals, while Spain and Italy are also two of the leading tourist destinations on the continent. Travel and tourism have an important contribution to GDP in Europe, reaching 781.6 billion US dollar and 2018 and expected to attain 991.4 billion in 2028. 
 The statistic shows the projected worldwide smart watches shipments from 2013 to 2015. Shipments of smart watches are forecast to total around 25 million units in 2015. 
 Zalando’s active customer count has never been higher than it was in the second quarter of 2019. The Berlin-based online fashion retailer had 28.3 million customers who have placed an order through Zalando’s website in the last twelve months running up to June 30, 2019. Since the first quarter of the previous year, Zalando increased its base by adding over five million active customers. Heavy online traffic Similarly, average visits to Zalando’s website have shown a dramatic rise since the last quarter of 2018. While throughout most of 2018 Zalando’s website visitor numbers fared around 700 million, between September and December 2018, Zalando’s online traffic reached 960 million. This was only slightly lower in the following quarter, but still well over 900 million. Incremental revenue growth In the fashion segment, Zalando figures as the most popular online store among German consumers. In addition to the DACH region, Germany’s beloved e-retailer is also active in 17 different European countries. From these operations, Zalando generated ever-growing annual revenue since its foundation in 2008. 
 The statistic depicts a ranking of the top-20 technology companies in 2019 according to their brand value as calculated by Millward Brown. Apple is ranked as the most valuable technology company worldwide with a brand value over 309.5 billion U.S. dollars. Top technology brands – additional information With technology an essential part of people’s lives, it is no surprise to find technology companies among the most valuable brands worldwide. Of the top five most valuable global brands, four are technology brands: Apple, Google, Facebook, and Microsoft. The fifth, AT&T, while categorized primarily as a telecommunications provider, also earns significant revenues from technology services. In 2015, the technology sector's brand value amounted to 732 billion U.S. dollars. Google leads the top 20 most valuable technology brands, followed by Apple and Microsoft respectively. Apple’s brand value showed a significant decline between 2015 and 2016. In 2015, Apple’s global brand value was 247 billion U.S. dollars. In 2016, it fell to 228 billion U.S. dollars. The most valuable technology company, Google, recorded significant growth. Google’s global brand value was 173.64 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. In terms of revenue, Apple also reports impressive figures. In 2015, Apple announced its highest annual revenue to date with 233.72 billion U.S. dollars, more than triple the amount of Google's revenue of 74.54 billion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 This statistic provides information on the internet usage penetration in Saudi Arabia from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 74.81 percent of the Saudi population were internet users. This share is projected to grow to 96.44 percent in 2023. 
 Between 2008 and 2018, each year roughly between 134,000 and 153,000 people died in the Netherlands. From 2014 onwards, the number of deaths increased annually, peaking in 2018 at roughly 153,000. That year, women were on average 81 years old when they died, men were five years younger. Neoplasms most common cause of death The most common causes of death in 2018 were neoplasms and diseases of the circulatory system, which made approximately 46,600 and 37,800 victims respectively. That year, five women died as a result of pregnancy complications and childbirth in the Netherlands. Fatal skin diseases were relatively rare as well, with less than 300 deaths. Birth excess The Netherlands has a birth excess: each year the number of live births exceeds the number of deaths in the country. Although some 150,000 people died in 2018, the birth of nearly 170,000 babies meant the Netherlands still had a birth excess of over 15,000. In the last decade, the birth excess dropped considerably though, from nearly 50,000 people in 2008 to under 20,000 in 2018. 
 During the period from 2009 to 2019, the highest number of babies born in Sweden was in 2016, when over 117 thousand births occurred. In 2019, about 115 thousand babies were born in Sweden. Within the last decade, there were yearly more baby boys than baby girls being born. Lowest fertility rate in a ten-year period Though the number of babies born increased over time, the fertility rate reached the lowest point in a ten-year period in 2019. The fertility rate is defined as the number of children that would be born or are likely to be born to a woman if she lives to the end of her reproductive years, and in 2018 it was down to 1.7 children per woman in Sweden. Lowest crude rate of birth in thirteen years As with the fertility rate, the crude birth rate in 2019 was at its lowest point for several years as well. It is defined as the number of live births in a given geographical area in a given time period, per thousand mid-year population, and it was down to 11.1 in 2019, which was the lowest number in the past decade. 
 The statistic above presents estimation data on the annual aggregate revenue of the American broadcasting industry from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, U.S. broadcasters generated an estimated total revenue of 168.84 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Chicago Bears games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 124.51 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts toothpaste sales via different sales channels in the United States in 2011/2012. In that year, toothpaste sales via drug outlets in the United States amounted to USD 517.2 million. Total toothpaste sales in the United States amounted to about USD 1.6 billion in 2011/2012.Toothpaste salesA paste or gel dentifrice, toothpaste is an accessory used to help clean, maintain and prevent tooth and gum disease. In 2011/12, the majority of toothpaste sales throughout the United States were made at food outlets; approximately 725 USD million which works out to a little over 45 percent of the countries total toothpaste sales (USD 1.6 billion). Keep in mind that these figures were calculated by the SymphonyIRI Group through US food, drug and mass merchandise outlets (excluding Walmart) for the 52 weeks ended August 7, 2011.In 2012, toothpaste was the seventh ranked health and beauty care product category throughout retail outlets in the United States, generating sales of approximately USD 1.61 million; an increase of 0.2 percent from the previous fiscal year.Procter & Gamble is the biggest toothpaste vendor in the United States. The company owns the toothpaste brand Crest which generates most of its revenue regarding this product type. In 2012, Procter & Gamble spent USD 192 million on advertising in the United States for this brand alone; ranking it in the top ten amongst personal care brands with the largest advertising expenditure throughout the country. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Chicago Bulls franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 301 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of Indonesia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of Indonesia amounted to around 316.25 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average mobile data usage per month in Singapore from the second quarter 2013 to the second quarter of 2019. In the second quarter of 2019, the average mobile data usage in Singapore amounted to 27.55 petabytes per month. 
 This statistic shows the world fruit production in 2018 in million metric tons, broken down by variety. In that year, some 115.74 million metric tons of bananas were produced worldwide. Fruit production Fruit crops are a major part of agricultural production. Based on production quantities, the most popular fresh fruits worldwide in order are bananas, apples and grapes. Bananas and apples are grown on trees, and watermelons are grown on thick vines. For cultivation, the tropical banana plant requires a warm and humid climate and rich, dark and fertile soils. The most common banana types which are grown globally include Cavendish, Lady Fingers, and Plantains. The last variety is also known as cooking banana. Their characteristics include a drier texture and they tend to contain more starch. In many tropical countries Plantains are a staple food. According to the Food and Agricultural Organization (FAO), countries with a significant production amount include China, the United States and Turkey. Rated among the most popular apple varieties in the United States are Gala, Honeycrisp and Fuji. Fruit and vegetables are seen as a strong part of a healthy and balanced diet. The Dietary Guidelines for Americans, which are created and published every five years by the United States Department of Agriculture (USDA) and the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services (HHS), recommend increasing fruit and vegetable intake. 
 This timeline shows the average circulation of the French daily Le Monde from 1999 to 2018. In 2018, the newspaper sold on average 302.62 thousand copies daily, up from 301.53 thousand in the previous year. The newspaper launched its paywall in March 2010. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were using Reddit as of February 2019, sorted by gender. During that period of time, 15 percent of male respondents stated that they used the social networking site. 
 The timeline shows data on unit sales of Suzanne Collins’s trilogy 'The Hunger Games' in the United States from 2010 to 2013. In 2010, the books sold 4.3 million copies. 
 This statistic gives a ranking of the ten countries from which the U.S. imported the largest amount of honey in 2017. More than 15,700 metric tons of honey were imported from Canada that year. 
 This statistic shows the change in the price of automotive diesel per liter in selected countries for the period between December 2018 and December 2019. The price changes exclude value added taxes from prices for automotive diesel. In December 2019, the diesel price per liter in the United States was 2.2 seven percent lower than it was in December 2019. Change in the price of automotive diesel There are many types of diesel, most commonly a fractional distillate of petroleum fuel oil, all of which are constantly being developed and adapted for the industry. As of 2006, almost all of the petroleum-based diesel fuels in Europe and North America are an ultra-low sulfur diesel (ULSD). Using ULSD will promote more strict emission technologies for diesel engines and lower-emission fuels. Diesel is used for vehicles with diesel engines. Unlike gas engines, diesel engines usually inject diesel directly into the cylinder to continue combustion and thus, move the piston. Due to high compression ratios, diesel engines are often more efficient than conventional gasoline engines. However, diesel can convert into a gel-like substance in colder temperatures, preventing movement through the fuel systems. Diesel has a higher volumetric energy density than conventional gasoline, which is important for fuel efficiency. During colder seasons, the price of diesel tends to rise as demand for heating oil also increases. From March 2015 to 2016, many countries saw a decrease in the price of automotive diesel per liter such as the United States, United Kingdom, and Germany. In the U.S., diesel cars only account for approximately three percent of the car market. In the United Kingdom, however, 42 percent of new cars registered in 2017 were diesel. In the European Union as a whole, some 44.8 percent of passenger cars were diesel as of 2017. 
 The amount spent on hair care products annually varies over the years in the United States. In 2018, American consumers spent between 73.4 U.S. dollars in a year on hair care products. Where Americans Buy Cosmetics According to a 2017 survey, over half of Americans have bought cosmetics from a Walmart or Walmart Supercenter, a higher share than any other retailer in the United States. Target, Walgreens, and Ulta were also popular places to buy cosmetics. There is also a thriving online marketplace for personal care and beauty products in the United States, though most U.S. consumers prefer to buy beauty products in a physical store. Makeup Brand Preferences The cosmetics market is more active and rapidly evolving than ever before, brands seem to be releasing new products with increasing frequency and new trends are sweeping the market on a regular basis. That being stated, many consumers are loyal to their brands and have clear preferences when it comes to which brands they will purchase and use. Foundation brand preferences vary considerably between different age groups. American women between the ages of 18 and 34 years tend to prefer MAC, Bare Minerals, and Neutrogena foundations, while women aged 50 years and older have a strong preference for Clinique and Covergirl Clean foundations. 
 Italy's unemployment rate almost reached 9.9 percent in 2019, the lowest value since 2012. The regions with the highest unemployment rates were situated in the South. Sicily, Calabria, and Campania registered rates above 18 percent, a large difference when compared to the Northern regions. For instance, 3.6 percent of people in Trentino-South Tyrol were unemployed, the lowest share nationwide. Young people mostly impacted Figures about the youth unemployment rate show that the financial crisis impacted the young working population significantly. Between 2004 and 2007, the share of unemployed individuals aged 15 to 24 years was declining. Subsequently, between 2008 and 2014, the rate increased over 15 percentage points. In this case, Southern regions had the largest proportion of young people without a job. In Sicily, Campania, and Calabria more than half of the population aged between 15 and 24 years was unemployed. Women more often unemployed In most of the Italian regions, the share of young unemployed women was higher than those of young males. In both Campania and Sicily, 60.4 percent of women aged 15 to 24 years did not have a job. The Southern region of Calabria was the place in Italy with the highest rate of unemployed young men. In this region, 50.3 percent of males were unemployed, almost ten times more than in Trentino-South Tyrol, where the unemployment rate of young men stood at about 11 percent. 
 This statistic shows the share of consumers in the United States that currently smoke marijuana as of July 2017, by household income. During the survey, 13 percent of respondents earning 30 thousand U.S. dollars per year or less said that they smoke marijuana. 
 This statistic shows Hewlett Packard Enterprise's (previously a part of Hewlett-Packard Company) net revenue for each fiscal year from 2011 to 2019. In 2019, the company brought in revenues of 29.14 billion U.S. dollars.Hewlett Packard Enterprise - additional information Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) is an American technology company, formed on November 1, 2015. It's predecessor, Hewlett-Packard Company, started in 1935 in the garage of William Hewlett and David Packard. Initially producing a range of electronic test equipment, HP Co rose to become one of the leading global manufacturers of personal computers, as well as one of the largest suppliers of servers, storage and networking equipment, and a global supplier of consumer and enterprise IT services. Although HPE did not keep the PC segment in the break-up of the old company, HPE still has a major foothold in several global markets and net earnings for HPE's segments were calculated at 2.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. As of early 2016, HPE employed around 240,000 employees globally, although the sale of its enterprise services division in May 2016 will likely affect this number Hewlett Packard Enterprise's major segments include their enterprise group, which manufacturers technology infrastructure like servers, storage and networking equipment, and provides technology services; their software segment, which covers big data, application services, security, and operations management; and financial services, which allow for flexible IT consumption and investment. The organization's size and reach leaves it holding sizeable positions in a number of global IT markets. For example, HPE has held a market share of around five percent in the global purpose-built backup appliance market for the last few years. HPE also supplies many of the world's leading supercomputers, and alongside other technology giants such as IBM, SAP, and Oracle, HPE is one of the biggest companies competing in the global big data market. Not only that, but in terms of name recognition, both HPE and its sister company HP Inc will benefit from the Hewlett Packard name. As of 2015, the Hewlett Packard brand ranked as one of the most valuable brands worldwide. 
 This statistic portrays the total number of air traffic passengers traveling to or from the United States between 2006 and 2019. In 2018, about 244 million air traffic passengers traveled to or from the U.S. 
 This statistic presents a timeline of the internet penetration in Mexico from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 65.8 percent of the Mexican population used the internet, up from 7.04 percent in 2001. 
 India exported handicrafts worth over 128 billion Indian rupees in fiscal year 2019. This was an increase compared to previous year where it stood at approximately 118 billion rupees. This indicated a growth of over nine percent. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Finland from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Finnish population was 42.5 years. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Cambodia between 1994 and 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the estimated GDP per capita in Cambodia amounted to around 1,504.26 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the Miami Heat franchise had an estimated value of 1.95 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Atlanta Falcons, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Atlanta Falcons was 458 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic reveals the sexiest musical instrument according to adults in the United States in 2014. During a survey, 26 percent of adults found the guitar to be the sexiest musical instrument to play. 
 The statistic shows the countries with the largest share of high broadband connectivity during the first quarter of 2017. During that quarter, it was found that 85 percent of internet connections in South Korea averaged a connection speed of 10 Mbps or more, placing the country also in first place in a global ranking of highest average internet speeds. The global high broadband connectivity rate is 45 percent. 
 The statistic shows share of internet users in the United States in 2019, sorted by age group. During the survey period, it was found that 100 percent of 18 to 29-year olds in the United States were internet users. Overall, 90 percent of the adult U.S. population accessed the internet. Unfortunately, the possibility of suffering or witnessing online harassment is a very real threat in the 21st century. According to a July 2016 survey, most common types of online harassment witnessed and experienced by internet users in the U.S. include offensive name-calling, online embarrassment and physical threats. A total of 25 percent of U.S. internet users across all age groups have been called offensive names online, with 28 percent of male internet users and 22 percent of female internet users having experienced this type of behavior. 
 As of the fourth quarter of 2018, the per square foot cost of office space in London, and especially the West End was the most expensive of any European city. As of February 2019, the leading location rent for office space in London’s West End amounted to 118 British pounds per square foot. On average the area cost over 50 euros per square meter per month more than Paris. Office yields Prime yields in the London area fluctuate between 3.5 percent in Mayfair and St. James’s area, and 4.5 percent in the Paddington, Fitzrovia, Euston, King’s Cross and Bloomsbury area. Typically, prime office yields in London are lower than the rest of the UK in 2018. Vacancy rates Despite the high cost of office rental costs in England’s capital city, vacancy rates in London’s West End were as low as 2.3 percent in certain areas. In terms of a European scale, London had average office vacancy rates. 
 The statistic presents the annual revenue generated by Rovio Entertainment worldwide from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, the developer of a popular mobile game - Angry Birds - generated 281 million euros in revenue. 
 This statistic depicts the leading causes of ransomware infections according to MSPs worldwide in 2019. According to the survey, 67 percent of responding MSPs indicated that phishing scams were the most common cause of ransomware infection. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Greece from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Greece was at 39.27 percent. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Oakland Raiders, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Oakland Raiders was 357 million U.S. dollars. 
 45.1 million people used the internet daily in Great Britain during 2019 according to the United Kingdom’s (UK) Office for National Statistics (ONS), breaking the record set in 2016. There were 41.8 million daily internet users in Great Britain during 2016, the first time the amount had exceeded 40 million. Internet access in the UK While the vast majority of households in the UK are able to go online, one in ten households was without an internet connection as of 2018, according to the ONS. Eurostat estimate the figure to be higher, at 95 percent of households with an internet connection, above the EU average of 89 percent. Methods of accessing the internet In a survey conducted during early 2018, Ofcom found that 48 percent of the 2,392 respondents indicated that their smartphone was the most important device they use to access the internet, at home or elsewhere. Mobile internet usage penetration is indeed high in the UK compared to the EU average, however, as of August 2018, desktop searches still accounted for the majority of activity for search engines in the UK. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in the Philippines from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 34.5 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 50.8 million mobile phone internet users. 
 Global hotel giant Marriot International accounted for a net income of approximately 1.27 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, down from the previous year’s total of 1.91 billion U.S. dollars. A global player in the hotel industry With nearly seven thousand hotels around the world, Marriot International was one of the largest hotel chains worldwide in 2019. It also ranked ahead of other large hotel chains such as Hilton Worldwide, Hyatt Hotel, and Host Hotels & Resorts in terms of revenue in 2018. In addition, as of June 2019, Marriot operated approximately 1.3 million guestrooms, while Hilton accounted for almost 940 thousand hotel rooms. Hotel Index Ranking Aside from revenue and number of properties, hotel brands are also ranked according to their overall brand health. A brand’s health index is measured by taking into account consumer’s perceptions of a brand quality, value, impression, satisfaction, reputation, and whether they would recommend the brand to others. In a ranking published by YouGov in 2018, Marriot International received the highest index score of 33.7, followed by Holiday Inn at 30.7. The ranking was obtained from a survey of consumers in the United States. 
 This statistic describes the top pharmaceutical chemotherapy and targeted cancer products in the United States based on revenues during 2016. Novartis' Gleevec was among the top 10 cancer products in the United States, generating some 1.2 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. Cancer risk can increase due to internal or external factors, however, many types of cancers are preventable with a healthy diet, no smoking, and physical activity. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Qatar from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Qatar's gross domestic product amounted to around 191.36 billion U.S. dollars. 
 From 2000 until 2019 the Consumer Price Index rate fluctuated between a high of 4.5 in 2011 and low of zero in 2015, indicating no change in prices between 2014 and 2015. Since 2015 there has been a slight increase in CPI rate, reaching 2.7 percent in 2017 and 2.5 percent in 2018. By 2019, the CPI decreased to 1.8. CPI most popular measure of inflation Although the retail price index, is still a popular method of calculating inflation, the Office of National Statistics doesn’t define it as an official statistic and promotes the use of the Consumer Price Index instead. In order to stay relevant to the needs of consumers, the basket of goods used to calculate inflation frequently changes, and in recent years has evolved to include smart-speakers and omit items such as envelopes. UK CPI one of the highest in Europe The United Kingdom’s forecasted CPI rate for 2019 was estimated to be 2.5 percent, which was slightly higher than other European Countries (685943) such as Germany and France which had inflation rates of 1.8 and 1.9 percent forecast for 2019. According to the government’s own forecasts, the inflation rate is expected to be stabilize soon, reaching a rate between 2 and 2.1 percent between 2020 and 2023. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of yogurt in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. yogurt per capita consumption amounted to about 13.4 pounds per person in 2018. 
 This statistic depicts total consumer spending in Pakistan from 2013 to 2018. In 2013, Pakistan's total consumer spending amounted to about 182.76 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph illustrates BMW's projected light vehicle production between 2012 and 2017. It is forecast that just under two million BMW vehicles will be produced in 2017. BMW is a premium car brand manufactured by Bayerische Motoren Werke (BMW) AG. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Romania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Romania's gross domestic product amounted to around 239.55 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Houston Astros games in Major League Baseball from 2010 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 49.85 U.S. dollars. 
 In FY2019, total sales of the Richemont Group worldwide amounted to about 13.98 billion euros. The Richemont Group is one of the leading luxury goods companies in the world. The Richemont Group garnered most of its revenue from watches in FY2019, which amounted to approximately 5.1 billion euros. The Asia-Pacific was responsible for 38 percent of the company’s total sales that year. The Richemont Group Founded in 1988 by South African businessman Johann Rupert, the Swiss-based company owns several brands such as Montblanc, Lancel, and Peter Millar. Richemont produces and sells jewelry, watches, leather goods, and clothing. Richemont employed around 35,640 people as of 2019. Montblanc is a German manufacturer of luxury watches, pens, jewelry, and leather goods. Peter Millar is an American lifestyle brand founded in 2001. The company produces clothes and accessories and most notably luxury golf attire. Among its brand ambassadors are PGA tour players Brandt Snedeker, Louis Oosthuizen, and Bill Haas. In 2015, the brand was selected as the official apparel provider for the International Team at Presidents Cup in South Korea. 
 This statistic shows the income distribution of Canadians for 2017, distinguished by level of income. In 2017, about 245,620 Canadians had an income of 250,000 Canadian dollars or more. 
 The statistic shows the major floods that have occurred in the United States from 1900 to 2016, that affected the most people. Approximately 11 million people were affected by the flood that took place in June 2008 in the United States. 
How many people use Twitter? In the first quarter of 2019, the number of monthly active U.S. Twitter users amounted to 68 million, an increase from 66 million in the previous period. In recent times, Twitter's user growth has been not endeared the company to its investors - the growth compared to the previous quarter only amounted to three percent and has hovered in the low single digits since 2017 as the company continues to struggle to attract and retain users. Twitter audiences With more than 330 million global monthly active users, Twitter is one of the biggest social networks worldwide. The United States are the biggest Twitter market worldwide, followed by Japan and the United Kingdom. The number of U.S. Twitter users is projected to reach 59.6 million in 2022. Overall, the top 10 percent of Twitter users in the United States generate approximately 80 percent of tweets on the platform. Twitter use of celebrities Twitter has become an important tool for marketers and celebrities to connect with their respective audiences in real time. The most followed Twitter account belongs to singer Katy Perry, who had more than 107 million Twitter followers as of June 2019. The ranking of the most followed Twitter users mainly contains musical artists and includes the likes of Justin Bieber, Rihanna and Lady Gaga. The former President of the United States, Barack Obama, is the most followed person who is not an entertainer or athlete. 
 Every year the number of Italian believers attending religious services becomes lower and lower. In 2018, there were about 14.3 million citizens attending house of prayer at least once every week, around four million worshippers less in comparison with the figures from a decade earlier. The most prayerful were the citizens aged over 75 years, whereas the lowest number of individuals attending religious services at least once a week was recorded in the age group between 18 and 24 years. Religious affiliation of Italians Although the dominant religion in Italy is Catholicism, Italian citizens also belong to other religious minorities. In 2018, the largest share of individuals who were not belonging to the Roman Catholic Church were Protestants, followed by Jehova’s Witnesses and Muslims. Reasons to leave religion When asked about the reason why they left the religion, 64 percent of the Italian respondents stated that they disagreed with their religion’s position on social issues. Another 60 percent of the interviewees were unhappy about scandals involving religious institutions, whereas six percent left the religion because they married someone outside the faith. 
 Sophie Elise ranked first among popular blogs in Norway, as of August 2019. Her channel covered a variety of topics, but the 21-year-old described herself as blogger, influencer, DJ and author on her page. She reached over 34 thousand visitors for the evaluated period. Second in the ranking was Anna Rasmussen, with 33 thousand visitors. Among other most visited blogs were Isabelleeriksen, Straad and Sofienils1. All the bloggers who ranked in the top 10 were women. Blogs among enterprises Regarding the usage of blogs by companies, the figures fluctuated over the past few years. Nine percent of the private enterprises in Norway used blogs or microblogs in 2013. The usage percentage peaked in 2015, when 12 percent of the private businesses did, while in 2016 and 2017, 11 percent of them did. How do bloggers blog? A worldwide study on blogging was conducted in 2018. Most of the interviewed self-identified bloggers said they spent between two and three hours on average on a typical blog post that year. Less than ten percent of the respondents spend less than one hour. The most popular location for blogging was reported to be at home, while the most popular time was during business hours. 
 The statistic shows the sales of the leading men's toiletries/grooming/aftershave brands in the United States in 2014. In that year, Gillette Fusion was the leading men's grooming brand in the United States with sales of USD 232.2 million. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in California from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 12.8 percent of California's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the number of people in thousands on a zero-hour contract in the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2019. In 2000, there were 225 thousand people on zero-hour contracts, with this number increasing to approximately 896 thousand by 2019. 
 This statistic shows the top selling Nintendo Wii titles worldwide. With approximately 82.88 million units sold, Wii Sports was the top selling Wii game as of September 2019. 
 This statistic shows the development of Florida's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the real GDP of the federal state of Florida was about 916.97 billion U.S. dollars. 
 Wilt Chamberlain is the all-time rebound leader of the National Basketball Association with a total of 23,924 rebounds in his career. The highest ranked player still active in the NBA is Dwight Howard of the Washington Wizards, who has a total of 13,587 assists to his name. Basketball legends In basketball, a rebound is defined as a player either retrieving the ball after a missed field goal or free throw or tipping in a missed shot on an offensive play. Wilt Chamberlain is the undisputed king of the rebounds, having racked up almost 24 thousand in his 14-year career as a center in the NBA. Chamberlain spent the last five years of his career at the Los Angeles Lakers. However, the honor of being the Lakers’ all-time rebound leader does not belong to Chamberlain, but rather to Elgin Baylor. The small forward spent his whole career, 13 seasons in total, at the Lakers and amassed 11,463 rebounds. The remaining top five in the list of Lakers rebound leaders is made up of legends of the game - Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Kobe Bryant, and Magic Johnson. All-time scoring leaders The aforementioned legends of the game also all make it onto the list of NBA all-time scoring leaders. Kareem Abdul-Jabbar tops this list, having scored a total of 38,387 points in his career between 1969 and 1989. He played for two teams during his career, the Milwaukee Bucks and the Los Angeles Lakers. While he sits top of the pile of point scorers for the Bucks, he only claims third place for the Lakers, behind Kobe Bryant and Jerry West. The highest active player on the NBA scorers list is LeBron James. James passed Kobe Bryant on the list in January 2020, scoring his 33,644th point in a regular season game against the Philadelphia 76ers. With the Lakers forward still going strong, it remains to be seen how much further he can climb up the list. 
 This statistic depicts the number of hip replacement surgeries in select countries in 2017 - or latest year available. As of that year, the number of hip replacement surgeries in Mexico stood at nine per 100,000 inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows the total aggregate attendance at games of the English Premier League from the 2009/10 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the total aggregate attendance at the games was at 14.62 million. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in Mexico from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, Mexico had 82.5 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 101.6 million internet users in 2023. 
 This graph shows the average speed of different vehicles on motorways in Great Britain in 2014. Most vehicles have a speed limit of 70 mph on the motorway. Cars towing and most heavy goods vehicles have a limit of 60 mph. All vehicles had an average speed within their respective speed limits with buses, coaches, and articulated HGVs tending to be the slowest. 
 This statistic shows the percentage change in spending on departments and services funded by the federal budget of the United States from the 2017 budget to the proposed 2018 budget. The level of funding for the Environmental Protection Agency in the 2018 federal budget represents a 31 percent decrease from the agency's funding in 2017. 
 The graph shows the budget balance in China in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP) from 2012 to 2018, with forecasts until 2024. In 2018, the state deficit of China had ranged at around 4.81 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows the 20 countries with the largest proportion of the global gross domestic product (GDP) based on Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) in 2019. In 2019, Germany had an estimated share of about 3.13 percent of the global GDP. 
 Between 2006 and 2017, each year between 94 and 262 people died because of drug use in the Netherlands. The number of casualties was lowest in 2010 and peaked in 2017. In four out of the last five years, a new record in drug deaths was reached. Only 2014 saw a decrease in the number of drug-related deaths recorded. Opiates, cocaine and other dangerous drugs Many drug deaths in the Netherlands in 2017 were caused by opiates. Of the total 262 casualties in 2017, 127 died because of opiate use. By comparison, there were 55 cocaine deaths that year. This is also the highest number of cocaine-related deaths in the country in the past decade. Cocaine use on the rise According to the Trimbos survey on drug use, cocaine use has increased in the Netherlands. Whereas in 1997, 2.6 percent of the respondents stated to have used cocaine at least once in their lives, by 2017 this had grown to over five percent. 0.6 percent of survey participants answered to have used cocaine in the past month, a significant change in comparison to earlier years as well. 
 The statistic depicts the forecast total unit shipments of smartphones worldwide from 2009 to 2019 with a forecast for 2022 and 2023. In 2019, smartphone shipments amounted to around 1.37 billion units. Global smartphone shipments - additional information Shipments for smartphones are expected to amount to around 1.45 billion by 2018, a tenfold increase from the amount of shipments in 2009. This means that by 2017, an estimated 31 percent of the world’s population will have a smartphone, a figure that was at less than 10 percent in 2011. This upturn in the smartphone market has developed it into a multi-billion dollar industry with revenue projected to reach almost 429 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. The global success of this industry can be attributed to the growing popularity of several key operating systems, namely Android and iOS. By the end of 2016, these two companies held over 95 percent of the global smartphone market share, with Android alone controlling over 80 percent. This amounted to 352.67 million Android units and 77.04 million iOS units being shipped in the final quarter of 2016. The domination in the market from Android looks set to continue with the shipment of Android phones in 2016 expected to hit around 680 million units. However, despite both Apple and Android being based in the U.S., it is the Chinese smartphone industry that looks set to dominate the market in the coming years. Forecasts predict that China will control just under a third of the smartphone market in 2017, in comparison to the U.S.’s estimated share of 12.1 percent. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Pakistan from 1984 to 2019. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Pakistan amounted to around 1,565.43 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the Facebook penetration in the Philippines from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 39 percent of the local population accessed the social network. This share is projected to grow to 42 percent in 2021. 
 As of January 2019, there were more than 2.1 million people living in the city of Paris. Considered to be the heart of France’s economic and political life, Paris is also part of the most populous region in the country. The Ile-de-France region, which can also be called Paris area, had 12.2 million inhabitants, six times the number of citizens living in the French capital. Being a Parisian Paris is the largest city in France, and as in a very centralized country, it is where the majority of big companies and all the national administrations are located. Therefore, it attracts at lot of people coming from all across the country in order to work and study in the French capital. The city has a lot to offer and people from Paris can enjoy a variety cultural events like nowhere else in France. But if worldwide, Paris is known for its architecture and museums, the city also has disadvantages for Parisians. Thus, they spend sometimes more than one hour in public transports, and air pollution is becoming a rampant issue in the city of Lights these past years. An exceptionally dense region Paris area is one of the most densely populated regions in Europe. In 2019, there were 1,017 residents per square kilometer in Ile-de-France, compared to 188 residents in the second most populated French region: Hauts-de-France. The region also welcomes millions of tourists every year, which have a direct impact on the housing market in a city that does not have a lot of available space. In 2015, with 16.12 overnight stays per capita, Paris occupied the first place of the cities with the highest tourist density in Europe. 
 This statistic gives information on the share of Apple Music in the United States as of February 2018, by age. During this month, 17 percent of Apple Music users were aged between 18 and 24. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Botswana from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Botswana amounted to about 3.24 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Panama from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Panama amounted to about 0.76 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, global revenue from the wholesale and retail datacenter colocation market amounted to around 38 billion U.S. dollars. Industry revenues are expected to increase to over 50 billion dollars per year by 2023 as an increasing share of global businesses adopt data collection and analysis into their strategy. Datacenter colocation Datacenter colocations are typically large datacenters that house the computing resources of client companies and provide the space, security, power, and networking connections needed. It is separate from infrastructure-as-a-service (IaaS) given the fact that the physical servers are owned by the individual companies and not rented from the provider. No single company or group of companies has truly taken control of the market, but the biggest competitors are Equinix, Digital Reality, and China Telecom, which accounted for a combined 18.5 percent of total revenues in 2016. As of 2018 datacenter colocations around the world are projected to have a total operational space of well over 150 million square feet, and as additional companies have sought to enter the market, total spending on collocation company mergers and acquisitions has increased significantly. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Major League Baseball (MLB) from sponsorship between 2010 and 2018. In 2018, the league and its teams generated 938 million U.S. dollars in revenue from sponsorships. 
 This statistic shows the average price of coffee in independent coffee shops in selected European cities in 2016. In Zurich, Switzerland the average cost of a medium cappuccino (or similar drink where necessary) in independent outlets was 5.49 euros. In Milan, Italy the same drink cost an average 1.62 euros. 
 British Telecommunications (BT) Group generated 24.08 billion British pounds in 2019, slightly up on the year prior, and 6.2 billion British pounds higher than the low of 17.84 billion British pounds recorded in 2015. BT Group revenue mix BT Group have had to respond to the impact of the changing telecommunications landscape on their revenue streams. The volume of calls made in the United Kingdom (UK) has more than halved since the beginning of 2012, affecting revenue, and revenue streams such as business network access have also decreased. The acquisition of Everything Everywhere, the mobile operator, added a new revenue stream from the second quarter of 2016/17 onwards. Changing shape of mobile Revenue streams have been contracting for several years across the mobile communications market, with the exception of access and bundle services. These services generated 1.83 billion British pounds during the first quarter of 2012, a figure that rose to 2.85 billion by the fourth quarter of 2018. 
 This statistic shows the national debt in the member states of the European Union in the first quarter of 2019. The data refer to the entire state and are comprised of the debts of central government, provinces, municipalities, local authorities and social security. In the first quarter of 2019, Greece's national debt amounted to about 337.41 billion euros. National debt in the EU member states National or government debt is the debt owed by a central government. No country in the European Union is debt-free, although some are able to manage their debts better than others. Debt is influenced by the economic situation of a country, factors such as unemployment, the rate of inflation or the trade figures have a significant impact on its extent, and are, in turn, influenced by the national debt. The economic crisis has hit some EU countries harder than others; Spain, Ireland and Greece especially have been struggling economically since 2008. Greece’s national debt has skyrocketed over the past few years, and the same can be said about Spain and Ireland. Other EU countries, like France and the United Kingdom have been affected as well, albeit not as severely. The national debt of a country can be reduced by applying several measures: money can be borrowed (for example in the form of rescue packages), austerity programs can be enforced, taxes can be increased or central banks can inject liquidity into the economy through the implementation of quantitative easing policies. Some critics of the policy claim that this could lead to a higher level of inflation, which, if severe enough, could have a detrimental impact on living standards. 
 The Royal bank of Scotland (RBS) is part of The Royal Bank of Scotland Group plc with Natwest and Ulster Bank and consists of 67 thousand employees over 187 branches across the United Kingdom. As of 2017, RBS had over 830 billion euros in assets, the fourth highest in the United Kingdom. History of RBS Founded in Edinburgh in 1727, the Royal bank of Scotland is an amalgamation of hundreds of past banks. As the second bank to be established in Scotland, it initially traded only within its home country up until 1783, opening its first branch in Glasgow in the same year. Banks are well known as acquirers, as they constantly look to strengthen their financial positioning and swallow those that could compete with. In 1864, RBS made its first acquisition, buying the Dundee Banking Co. Europe’s leading banks Compared to European banks in 2017, The Royal Bank of Scotland is ranked twelfth in terms of total assets and tier one capital. In terms of market capital RBS came in tenth, and seventeenth in revenue. 
 This statistic shows the number of LongHorn Steakhouse restaurants in North America from 2008 to 2019. At the end of the 2019 fiscal year, there were 514 LongHorn Steakhouse restaurants in North America. 
 This statistic represents ArcelorMittal's revenue from the fiscal year of 2006 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the multinational steel company with headquarters in Luxembourg generated around 76 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, Yelp's revenue amounted to 268.82 million U.S. dollars, an increase from almost 262.5 million U.S. dollars in the preceding quarter. The local business recommendation site derives most of its revenue from advertising. 
 This statistic shows the monthly market share for the car manufacturer Peugeot in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 to December 2019. The company's market share had a range between 2.7 and 4.2 percent. In December 2019, the company held a market share around 3.8 percent, an increase of roughly 0.5 percent in comparison to the same month of the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the countries with highest ransomware infection rates from 2017 to 2018. In the measured period, Thailand had the biggest share of users attacked with ransomware out of all users encountering malware - 9.57 percent. 
 This statistic shows the profile of Generation X travelers in the United States as of July 2016. Generation X travelers were characterized most by their desire to explore with an average Traveler Psychographic Intensity Index score of 71.1 in the exploration hungry category. In 2015, there was around 66 million people considered to be Generation X in the United States. This is defined as people born between 1965 through 1980. 
 Swedish e-shoppers cared about fashion and beauty in 2018. The most frequently purchased products online by Swedish consumers, were clothing and footwear items, with 39 percent of respondents’ vote. Beauty and healthcare products followed, with 32 percent of respondents’ vote. Where do Swedish e-shoppers purchase from? Apotea was the most frequently used web-shop for physical goods in Sweden in 2018. Over 3,000 Swedish people were asked which web-shop they used and ten percent of them answered Apotea in 2018. Six percent of respondents did their purchase on CDON.com and five percent did it on Zalando. Well-known international web shops, such as Wish, eBay and Amazon were used by three percent, three percent and two percent of people, respectively. Online shopping in Sweden E-commerce is gaining popularity among Swedish consumers. The e-commerce turnoverin Sweden peaked in 2018, amounting to 77 billion Swedish kronor and was expected to increase up to 88 billion kronor in 2019. The store having the right product selection was the most common reason to repeat purchases online in Sweden in the first quarter of 2018, according to over 70 percent of the interviewed. Regarding preferred payment methods, debit or credit card led the ranking list, with 33 percent of respondents’ vote. 
 This statistic shows the total number of turkeys produced in the United States from 1999 to 2018. In 2018, about 244.75 million turkeys were produced in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditure on sewing machines per consumer unit in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the country's average expenditure on sewing machines amounted to 8.18 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. 
 This graph shows the Percentage of households led by a female householder with no spouse present with own children under 18 years living in the household in the U.S. in 2018, by state. In 2018, about 7.34 percent of Californian households were single mother households with at least one child. Additional information on single mother households and poverty in the United States For most single mothers a constant battle persists between finding the time and energy to raise their children and the demands of working to supply an income to house and feed their families. The pressures of a single income and the high costs of childcare mean that the risk of poverty for these families is a tragic reality. Comparison of the overall United States poverty rate since 1990 with that of the poverty rate for families with a female householder shows that poverty is much more prevalent in the later. In 2018, while the overall rate was at 11.8 percent, the rate of poverty for single mother families was 24.9 percent. Moreover, the degree of fluctuation was much lower for single female household families suggesting the rate of poverty for these groups is less affected by economic conditions. The sharp rise in the number of children living with a single mother or single father in the United States from 1970 to 2015 suggests more must be done to ensure that families in such situations are able to avoid poverty. Moreover, attention should also be placed on overall racial income inequality given the higher rate of poverty for Hispanic single mother families than their white or Asian counterparts. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Atlanta Hawks games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 42.18 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Israel from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Israel's real gross domestic product grew by around 3.44 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the player expenses (payroll) of the Portland Timbers club of Major League Soccer by player in 2019. Diego Valeri received a salary of 2.42 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of times Pokémon Go was downloaded worldwide as of February 2017. As of the last reported period, the popular augmented reality mobile game released by Nintendo had 650 million downloads worldwide. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Oklahoma City Thunder games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 34.30 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows growth in the total contribution of the travel and tourism industry to GDP in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. The growth rate stood at 5.3 percent in 2017. 
 This statistic gives information on the distribution of Snapchat users worldwide as of January 2020, sorted by gender. During the survey period, 61 percent of Snapchat audiences were female and 38 percent were male. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of mobile apps in France as of March 2015, by number of unique visitors. The Facebook app took the first place of this ranking with approximately 82,000 more unique visitors than the Google app, which ranked second. Dailymotion came in third with around 12.3 million unique visitors, followed by the Orange app and the Wikipedia app. per capita as of 2014 and when broken down, just over 10 percent of mobile internet users in France have downloaded six or more apps as of December 2015 and just over a quarter of all mobile internet users have downloaded one app. The usage of dating apps in France as of 2015 showed the highest proportion of users among 25 to 34 year olds, followed by 18 to 24 year olds. When the ranking in this statistic is compared to the ranking of apps most popular in the United States it shows that in both countries Facebook is the number one app in unique visitors but Google is preceded by the YouTube app in the United States. Further information on mobile app usage can be found in the Dossier: Mobile app usage. 
How many people play PUBG? PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG), which is available on console and PC, crossed the 50 million player base mark in June 2018 - an impressive figure considering it was released little over a year earlier. The Battle Royale game developed by Bluehole was made available to the public in March 2017. One of the biggest games on Steam While it is available on both PlayStation and Xbox One, PUBG’s origins lie in PC and, more specifically, on Steam. The game originally became available on Steam Early Access in late March 2017 and quickly gained a loyal legion of fans. As a result, PUBG remains one of the most successful games on the PC gaming platform, even though over 9,000 games were released on Steam in 2018 alone. Considering the size of each battle in PUBG, with up to 100 players pitted against each other in a fight for supremacy, it is unsurprising that the game topped the 2018 list for peak number of concurrent players on Steam. The game reached more than 3.2 million players in a single hour in its peak, far surpassing its closest rival, DOTA 2. PUBG mobile In order to tap into the increasingly dominant mobile gaming market, PUBG was released as a mobile game in early 2018. Despite the fast-paced world of mobile gaming, some 42.3 percent of Android users in the United States who owned PUBG mobile still played the game monthly as of February 2019, although only one fifth stated that they still played it daily. Given the nature of the game and the gaming world in general, it is unsurprising that male users accounted for 57.4 percent of the gaming app's active user accounts on the Android platform. However, with over half of those who own the game on Android claiming to be inactive users, PUBG might need to take action to keep hold of its loyal fans in the face of competition from rivals such as Fortnite and Apex Legends. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate of White Americans from 1990 to 2019. Unemployment rate of the white labor force has decreased to 3.3 percent in 2019, compared to 8.7 percent in 2010. The national unemployment rate can be found here. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in pilates training in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in pilates training amounted to approximately 9.08 million. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Clippers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 52.49 U.S. dollars. Los Angeles Clippers The Los Angeles Clippers are a professional basketball team from Los Angeles, California, that plays in the National Basketball Association. The franchise was originally founded in 1970 as the Buffalo Braves, moved to San Diego in 1978 and then on to Los Angeles in 1984. They play their home games at Staples Center, which they share with the Los Angeles Lakers. The Clippers’ home games were attended by an average crowd of 19,226 in the 2012/13 season. Total attendance at the games was 788,293. Tickets to the games cost an average of 63.10 U.S. dollars in the 2012/13 season, the first time the average ticket price was at more than 60 U.S. dollars. Team Marketing Report ranks the Los Angeles Clippers sixth on their Fan Cost Index with 369.40 U.S. dollars in cost for the game experience. The Fan Cost Index includes the cost for four average-price tickets, four small soft drinks, two small beers, two game programs, four regular-size hot dogs, two adult-size adjustable caps and parking for an hour. According to Forbes’, NBA Team Valuations the Los Angeles Clippers franchise has a value of 430 million U.S. dollars, an increase of almost one third compared to the previous year when Forbes valued the franchise at 324 million U.S. dollars. Revenue of the Clippers was at 108 million U.S. dollars in the 2011/12 season. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Thomas Jefferson Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Thomas Jefferson Memorial amounted to approximately 3.1 million in 2019. 
 The graph presents data on Winter Olympics TV viewership in selected emerging markets worldwide 2014. During a survey, 56 percent of respondents from the Philippines stated they would watch the 2014 Winter Olympics on TV. The closing ceremony for the 2014 Olympic games was expected to attract a total 80 million viewers from around the globe. 
 The statistic shows immigration to Norway from 2008 to 2018. In 2008, the number of persons immigrating to Norway reached 66,961 persons. Since then, the number of immigrants to Norway increased and peaked at around 79.5 thousand in 2011. From 2012 the number was decreasing and in 2018, the number amounted to 52,485 persons. 
 This statistic shows the number of victims of child abuse in the United States in 2018, by gender. In 2018, about 328,281 boys were abused in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the total revenue generated by home appliance manufacturer Arcelik from 2005 to 2019. In 2019, Arcelik's net sales amounted to around 5.28 billion euro. 
 This statistic shows the total annual expenditure on veterinary and other services for pets in the United Kingdom from 2005 to 2018, based on volume. In 2018, households purchased over five billion British pounds worth of veterinary and other services for their pets. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Brooklyn Nets games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 60.98 U.S. dollars. Brooklyn Nets The Brooklyn Nets are a franchise of the National Basketball Association (NBA) which joined the league as the New Jersey Nets in 1976 as part of the ABA-NBA merger. It was established in 1966 under the name ‘New Jersey Americans’ as a founding member of the American Basketball Association (ABA). In 2012, the franchise moved to Brooklyn, New York, and was renamed Brooklyn Nets. The team plays its home games at the newly constructed Barclays Center, which opened in September 2012 for the Brooklyn Nets’ first season in New York. The average attendance at Brooklyn Nets games during the 2013/14 season was 17,251 with the total attendance during the regular season at about 707 thousand. Tickets to the games cost 66.15 U.S. dollars on average in 2014/15, an increase of almost 30 U.S. dollars compared to the 2011/12 season when the Nets still played in New Jersey. The league-wide average ticket price was at around 54 U.S. dollars in 2014/15. According to Forbes, the franchise has a value of 780 million U.S. dollars in 2014. A year earlier the franchise was valued at 530 million U.S. dollars. This constitutes an increase in value of almost 50 percent over a one year period. The majority of the increase can be attributed to the franchises move to Brooklyn and its new arena. 
 This statistic presents the monthly brand follower growth of Twitter profiles from August to December 2017. In the last measured month, Twitter brand profiles gained an average of 0.76 percent more followers than in the previous month. 
 In 2018, foreign exchange earnings from tourism industry across India amounted to over 28 billion U.S. dollars, an increase from the previous year. An exponential rise in the foreign exchange earnings was seen from 2009 in the country. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Portugal from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Portuguese population was 43.9 years. 
 This statistic shows the abortion rate per thousand women in Sweden from 2008 to 2018. During the time under consideration, the abortion rate remained relatively stable. The highest rate occurred in 2008, with 21.3 abortions per thousand women. In contrast, the lowest rate was measured in 2018, amounting to 19.2 abortions per thousand women. 
 In 2018, approximately 30.4 million people in the United States had no health insurance. The share of Americans without health insurance was steadily decreasing until 2015, but has been increasing since 2017. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 caused this change, because it repealed the individual mandate, which penalized individuals for failing to maintain health coverage. Positive impact of Affordable Care Act In the U.S. there are public and private forms of health insurance, as well as social welfare programs such as Medicaid and programs just for veterans such as CHAMPVA. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) was enacted in 2010, which dramatically reduced the number of uninsured Americans, though there’s still room for improvement. In spite of its success in providing more Americans with health insurance, ACA has had an almost equal number of proponents and opponents since its introduction, though the share of Americans in favor of it has risen since mid-2017. Persistent disparity among ethnic groups The number of uninsured people is higher in certain demographic groups. For instance, Hispanics continue to be the ethnic group with the highest rate of uninsured people, even after ACA. Meanwhile the share of uninsured white people is still lower than the national average. 
 This statistic provides information on the distribution of U.S. Snapchat users as of February 2016, sorted by age group. During the survey period it was found that 23 percent of Snapchat users in the United States were aged between 13 and 17 years. As of spring 2017, Snapchat ranks as the most important social network of teens in the United States, ahead of other platforms such as Instagram, Twitter or Facebook. With 82.1 million app users in December 2016, Snapchat is also one of the most popular mobile apps in the United States across all platforms. 
 This statistic shows the number of fans on the official Manchester United Facebook page from July 2010 to August 2019. The page had a total of 73.34 million fans in August 2019. 
 This statistic shows the value of imports of the household and kitchen appliances into the United States from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, imports of such products came to a total of about 31.21 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. imports of domestic appliances – additional information Electrical devices used within a household are part of a billion-dollar home appliance industry, which is projected to grow in the coming years. In 2018, the global consumption of major appliances amounted to 177 billion U.S. dollars. Leading companies of the home appliances industry include the Chinese Haier Electronics Group, U.S.-based Whirlpool, the German Bosch and Siemens Group, the Swedish company Electrolux, and the South Korean multinational giant LG Electronics. The United States is the largest household appliances market worldwide, which was worth around 37.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The import of household and kitchen appliances into the United States has shown a general upward trend over the past 10 years, despite taking a dip in 2008 and 2009. Exports of household appliances from the United States remains relatively stable, with the export value amounting to 6.42 billion U.S. dollars in 2018.
 This statistic presents the cumulative Apple App Store earnings of mobile app developers as of January 2020. As of the last reported period, Apple had paid a total of 155 billion U.S. dollars to iOS app developers. A year ago, this figure amounted to 120 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the global unit sales of soundbar speakers from 2010 to 2015. In 2013, 6.7 million units of soundbar speakers were sold worldwide. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Algeria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Algeria's gross domestic product amounted to around 173.76 billion U.S. dollars. 
 As of 2019 it is estimated that there is approximately 792 thousand ounces of rhodium globally. In recent years, the lowest rhodium supply occurred in 2014 when there were just 617 thousand ounces available. Rhodium is considered one of the rarest and most valuable metals in the world. Rhodium Overview Rhodium is a silver-colored platinum group metal (PGM) that is highly reflective and resistant to corrosion and oxidation. Platinum group metals include rhodium, platinum, ruthenium, iridium, osmium, and palladium. Rhodium is the rarest metal in the platinum family and occurs in the Earth’s crust at a rate of around one part per 200 million. It is primarily used in catalytic converters to clean motor emissions or as a finishing metal for jewelry. Despite having a stable supply globally, the demand for rhodium has been increasing over time. Platinum-group Metals GloballyPlatinum-group metal mine production has been stable in recent years. Platinum is one of the most expensive metals to produce due to its low concentration within the ore from which it is mined. The price of production varies greatly between the countries in which it is produced, with South Africa having the highest cost of production for platinum. The world’s leading producer of platinum as of 2018 was Anglo American Platinum Ltd. 
 Sales of the Molson Coors Brewing Company reached around 2.03 billion Canadian dollars in Canada in 2019, an increase of just over 0.7 billion Canadian dollars over the six-year survey period. In comparison, their worldwide net sales amounted to around 10.8 billion dollars in 2018. Molson Coors Brewing Company origins The company was formed in 2005 through a merger between Molson of Canada and Coors of the United States. The company has since further expanded with an additional merger with SABMiller. Since then, Molson Coors has become one of the largest brewers worldwide based on production volume. The Canadian beer marketSales of beer have steadily increased in recent years to reach around 9.2 billion Canadian dollars in the 2018 fiscal year. Canadian products made up over 80 percent of sales in that year, clearly showing Canadian consumers’ preference for domestically-produced over imported beer. According to a recent survey, over 70 percent of Canadians agreed that Canadian beer is the world’s best beer. 
 The statistic portrays the world's strongest earthquakes, as of 2020 . A magnitude of 9.0 was measured on the Richter scale during the earthquake in Japan in 2011. Earthquakes and the Richter scale – additional informationAn earthquake occurs when two tectonic plates under the Earth’s surface slip past one another, resulting in the sudden release of energy in the Earth's crust. The sudden violent shaking of the surface can cause destruction to infrastructure, human injury, and even death. The earthquake that occurred on January 17, 1994 in Los Angeles caused damages that were valued up to 30 billion U.S. dollars. As earthquakes are the result of plate boundary interactions, earthquakes tend to occur in a few specific areas, localized around hotspots. China was one of the most frequently affected countries, with more than 150 earthquakes between 1900 and 2016. Although, earthquakes can be difficult to predict, Earthquake Early Warning systems, which use seismic networks for detection, are put in place to protect peoples' lives. There are also a number of ways to measure the magnitude of an earthquake. One of the first and most widely-used methods is the Richter scale. The Richter magnitude scale was developed by the seismologist, Charles F. Richter, in 1935. On the Richter Scale, magnitude is expressed in whole numbers and decimal fractions, but is based on a logarithmic scale. For example, a magnitude 5.3 might be computed for a moderate earthquake, and a strong earthquake might be rated as magnitude 6.3. The 1960 earthquake that occurred in Chile was the strongest earthquake recorded between 1900 and 2020, which was measured at a 9.5 magnitude based on the Richter scale. An earthquake with a magnitude of 9.0 and higher is defined as causing near or at total destruction - severe damage or collapse to all buildings. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Lithuania from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Lithuania had amounted to about 2.53 percent compared to the previous year. 
 Texas was by far the leading U.S. state in terms of total number of farms, with about 250 thousand farms by the end of 2018. Missouri was ranked second, among the leading ten states, with 95 thousand farms as of 2018. Farms classification In the United States farms are classified based on the farm income and government payments into six sales classes. According to the USDA, about half of all farms in the US were classified in the 1,000 to 9,999 U.S. dollars sales class in 2018. Farming sector in the U.S. The total number of farms in the United States has decreased steadily since 2007. As of 2018, there were about 2.03 million farms in the U.S., down from 2.04 million in the previous year. Contrastingly, the average farm acreage in the United States has increased in the past few years. The number of employees, including both part-time and full-time workers, in this sector was over 960 thousand as of 2017. 
 This statistic shows the total U.S. sugar beet production from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, approximately 28.6 million tons of sugar beet were produced in the United States in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Mississippi from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 19.7 percent of Mississippi's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the ten countries with the fastest growing economies in the world from 2001 to 2010. Over the past decade, Angola has demonstrated the fastest economic growth rate with average annual GDP growth sitting as high as 11.1 percent. The overall quarterly GDP growth in the United States can be found here. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Turkey from 1950 to 2020*. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. In 2010, the median age of the population in Turkey was at 28,2 years. 
 The statistic shows smart AR glasses shipments worldwide from 2016 to 2022. Smart augmented reality glasses shipments were 150 thousand in 2016 and are forecast to amount to around 22.8 million units by 2022. 
 The statistic depicts the smartphone penetration in South Korea as a share of the population from 2015 to 2022. In 2016, 74.63 percent of the population in South Korea used a smartphone. 
 This statistic displays the quantity of chocolate confectionery consumed per day in the United Kingdom between 2008 and 2012, by age. In this four year period, individuals aged between 11 and 18 years old consumed 12 grams of chocolate confectionery per day. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were using Facebook as of February 2019, sorted by educational background. During that period of time, 74 percent of respondents who had attained a college degree used the social networking site. 
 California had the most automobile registrations in 2017: More than 14.86 million such vehicles were registered in the most populous U.S. federal state. California also leads in terms of annual car sales with almost one million cars sold in 2017. Additionally, California residents also purchased about 715,000 crossover and sport-utility vehicles (CUVs and SUVs), some 221,270 pickups, and almost 80,000 vans and minivans in 2017. A walk in the light truck parc U.S. automobile and truck registrations reached about 263 million units in 2017. The number of vehicles in operation in the United States is projected to increase to around 289 million units in the third quarter of 2019. Light truck retail sales increased from 10.6 million units in 2017 to a staggering 11.9 million units in 2018. These figures underpin the assumption that light trucks remain in high demand while customers seem to have lost interest in cars: Just 5.3 million cars were sold in the United States in 2018. 
 In 2018, per capita retail e-commerce spending in the United States amounted to 1,571 U.S. dollars, more than double the amount of per capita e-retail spending in Canada and more than 174 times the amount of the spending in Mexico. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Philadelphia 76ers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 46.83 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Washington Redskins games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 103.39 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, an estimated 15.3 million smartwatches were sold in the United States. Between 2013 and 2018 annual smartwatch sales grew from just 600 thousand units to over 15 million as these devices skyrocketed in popularity. Smartwatches While digital wristwatches have been around for decades, true smartwatches are a relatively new phenomena in the consumer electronics industry. These modern devices typically include features like touchscreens, biometric monitoring, and internet connections. Consumer electronics giants Apple and Samsung are the biggest names in the industry, controlling a combined market share of over 60 percent. Estimates suggest that over 90 million of these devices will be shipped around the world in 2019 with this figure rising to over 130 million by 2023. Wearables Smartwatches are often classified under the overarching consumer wearables market which also includes products like smart wristbands, smart clothing, and head mounted displays. The internet connections present in many of these devices allow them to share statistics and information with other smart devices, forming a network which is often referred to as the Internet of Things (IoT). 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Serbia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Serbia was at approximately 13.51 percent. 
 This graphic shows the total number of public primary schools in France from 2005 to 2018. Over nine years, the number of public primary schools gradually diminished and reached 44,902 in 2018. 
 In 2018, the rural population in France reached 19.5 percent of the total. In 2018, Europe was ranked third continent worldwide in terms of degree of urbanization. 80 percent of the European population was living in cities in 2018, but this figure is expected to decrease by 2050. In France, studies have shown that most of the population lives in urban areas, but many French citizens seemed to aspire to live in the countryside. France: an urban country From 2006 to 2018, the share of French residents living in rural areas kept decreasing, going from roughly 22.6 percent in 2006 to 19.5 percent in 2016. According to Insee, a municipality is rural when it does not reach the threshold of 2,000 inhabitants. In France, more than 13 million individuals were living in the countryside in 2016. In comparison, the urban population amounted to 53 million people that same year and is expected to reached 81 percent of the total by 2020. The advantages of the countryside A survey conducted by Ifop in 2017 showed that 46 percent of French people wanted to live in a rural town. Despite common beliefs, the countryside appears to have a lot to offer. In addition to a more pleasant living environment, the employment situation seems to be more advantageous in French rural areas. In 2017, the percentage of unemployed people reached 6.3 percent in rural areas, compared to 10.4 percent in cities. Similarly, the percentage of labor force participants is higher in rural areas. 
 Between 2008 and 2019, the number of Tesco’s stores operating worldwide has risen from 3.751 to 6,993. The multinational-operating grocery and general merchandise retailer Tesco PLC was founded in 1919 by Jack Cohen (1898-1979). The product portfolio includes food and beverages, clothing, home appliances, and even financial services. Tesco is the leading supermarket brand in the United Kingdom (UK), consistently ranking highest in terms of grocery market share. The company is headquartered in Hertfordshire, United Kingdom and employs over 500 thousand people worldwide. Tesco stores in the UK Close to four thousand of the total seven thousand stores are situated in the UK, where Tesco’s provides six different store formats to their customers which varied in size and range of products. Tesco Superstores, for example, are standard large supermarkets that sell mostly food products and a much smaller range of non-food products in comparison to Extra stores. The UK grocery market Most of Tesco’s annual revenue was generated from its key market: The United Kingdom. Additionally, the company sold products in stores located in other European and Asian countries. Based on market share, Tesco’s largest rivals in the grocery store business included Asda and Sainsbury’s. The latest business figures showed that discount stores were gaining more and more market share as customer spending moved from traditional retailers to discounters, such as Lidl or Aldi. 
 In 2018/19 the number of overall crime offences in the United Kingdom reached approximately 6.3 million, an increase of around 430 thousand offences when compared with 2017/18. Although crime figures were slightly higher in the early 2000s, they were far lower in 2013/14, when just 4.4 million crimes were recorded in the UK. More with less The rise in crime witnessed during this period has led to serious questions about how to reverse this trend, and if the police have enough manpower and resources to counter it. Due to austerity measures pursued by British governments after 2010, police forces were forced to cut officer numbers in successive years between 2010 and 2018, resulting in a net decrease of over 20 thousand officers. While there was a slight increase in public sector expenditure on the police force in 2017/18 and 2018/19, the 17.99 billion British pounds spent in the most recent year was still less than the 19.3 billion spent in 2009/10. Crime rates higher in Northern England The three regions in England and Wales with the highest crime rate in this year were the North East, the North West and Yorkshire. London, the UK capital also had a relatively high crime rate of 98 crimes per 1,000 people while the South West of England had the lowest crime rate of 67.8 crimes per 1,000 people. 
 The load factor of electricity from solar photovoltaics has seen an overall increase since 2010, amounting to 11.3 percent in 2018. However, this was a minor decrease from the previous year and significantly lower when compared to the load factors of other renewable sources. This can be explained by the lack of consistency in the number of sunny days recorded. In comparison, the load factor for offshore wind reached 39 percent. Capacity and generation In the same year, solar PV accounted for 29.6 percent of the total renewable capacity. However, its share of renewable electricity generation was just 11.7 percent. This was due to the relatively low load factor. In 2010, electricity generated by solar PV amounted to 41 gigawatt-hours. By 2017 this had increased to more than 11,500 gigawatt-hours. Turnover and employment drop In 2017 the UK’s solar PV industry reported a turnover of 1.3 billion euros. This was a decrease of more than one billion euros compared to the previous year. As turnover decreased, so did employment figures. In 2016 there were approximately 29,000 employees in the sector, but the following year this number dropped by more than half due to cuts to subsidies. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Florida Marlins games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 22.55 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration in Japan from 2000 to 2017. That year, almost 91 percent of the Japanese population accessed the internet, down from over 93 percent in the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the the share of the surveyed respondents that follow Major League Baseball. 47 percent of the male respondents said that they do follow Major League Baseball. 
 Over the course of 2019, Toyota sold some 105,000 passenger cars in the United Kingdom. This was roughly 3.2 percent more than were sold in the same time period the previous year, with the Japanese automaker having performed consistently well in the previous five years. Figures tend to spike in March and September as these are the months when the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency releases new registration plates, fueling sales. The Toyota Motor Corporation was established in 1937 and has since become one of the most valuable motor vehicle brands in the world. Leading car brands Toyota is commonly found among the leading car companies in the UK. In September 2019 it held a market share of 5.2 percent, which made it the sixth most popular car brand that month. The ranking was most often led by U.S. based manufacturer Ford.Toyota’s market share was highest in September 2018 when it amounted to 5.63 percent. Toyota’s hybrid models As the creator of the first mass-produced electric hybrid car – the Prius, Toyota is often associated with electric vehicle manufacturing. After first being introduced in 2011, Yaris has become Toyota’s most popular hybrid model, with 17,001 units sold in 2018. By comparison, Prius sales only amounted to 4,187 units. 
 This statistic gives information on the leading sources of internet referral traffic, based on Shareaholic's global publisher network. In the second half of 2017, it was found that social network Pinterest generated 7.53 percent of global referral traffic. Facebook was ranked first with a 18.16 percent traffic share. 
 This statistic displays the wholesale price of strawberries in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2015 to 2019. The wholesale price of strawberries was valued at 3.4 British pounds in November 2019. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Bangladesh from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Bangladesh was at 11.92 percent. 
 This statistic presents the revenue generated by the entertainment company Live Nation Entertainment from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the U.S. live event specialist generated a total of 10.79 billion US dollars in revenue, up from 9.69 billion a year earlier. Of this revenue generated in 2018, almost 1.53 billion U.S. dollars came from ticketing revenue and 8.77 billion U.S. dollars was generated through concerts. The company promoted a total of 34,996 concerts and festivals in 2018, the highest figure to date. 
 This statistic shows the moral stance of Americans regarding gay or lesbian relations in 2018. During this survey, 67 percent of respondents stated they think gay or lesbian relations are morally acceptable, while 1 percent said it depends on the situation. 
 TV ratings of the Super Bowl declined for the fourth consecutive year in 2019. The New England Patriots’ victory over the Los Angeles Rams received the joint-lowest household TV rating in the United States since Super Bowl XXXVII in 2003. In 2020, however, the ratings picked up slightly as the Kansas City Chiefs' stunning fourth quarter comeback victory against the San Francisco 49ers scored a rating of 41.6. Super Bowl ratings the lowest in years The ratings are compiled by media industry analysts Nielsen, a company that has been measuring television audience patterns in the United States since 1950. The highest Super Bowl rating of all time is 49.1 for the San Francisco 49ers’ triumph over the Cincinnati Bengals in 1982. New England’s sixth Super Bowl win was watched by an average television audience of 98.2 million viewers – the lowest TV viewership of the NFL’s showpiece event since 2008. The hottest ticket in town TV viewing figures for the Super Bowl may be falling, but fans continue to attend the event in droves. More than 70,000 spectators watched New England’s triumph in Atlanta in 2019, but that is some way short of the record attendance for the Super Bowl: close to 104,000 fans attended the game in Los Angeles in 1980. Miami is scheduled to host the party in 2020, and it will become the city to have hosted the most Super Bowls. 
 Nearly three out of five households in the United Kingdom (UK) own a tumble dryer, with figures from the UK’s Office for National Statistics showing that 58 percent of UK households own such a machine. The amount has not changed drastically over the past two decades, with 52 percent of households owning (synonym for own) a dryer in 1999/2000. Who are the two percent without a dryer? In contrast with washing machines, in which 100 percent of households from the sixth decile to the highest ten percent of income earners featured a washing machine, many households in the United Kingdom choose not to own a tumble dryer. The ninth decile of households by income show the highest rates of ownership, at 72 percent. Lower ownership elsewhere The 58 percent seen in the UK is not the lowest among similar markets. In Germany during 2017, for example, just 42.2 percent of private households owned a clothes dryer.
 Airbus, one of the leading aircraft manufacturers, collected more than 23 billion U.S. dollars from the Asia-Pacific region in 2018. Airbus worldwide Airbus is part of the multinational Airbus Group SE. With its headquarters in Toulouse, France, the division supplies airlines from all over the world with commercial aircraft. In the United States, legacy carriers like United Airlines or Delta Air Lines and even low-cost carriers like JetBlue or Spirit Airlines have at least an Airbus aircraft in their fleet. Besides airlines, cargo operators like Federal Express (FedEx) or United Parcel Service (UPS) are using Airbus’ aircraft for running their operations. However, the largest share of revenue comes from Asia Pacific, where even more air carriers chose Airbus as their aircraft manufacturer. In 2018, Airbus delivered 800 aircraft worldwide and received 831 orders. The division focuses on manufacturing narrowbody aircraft like the A320 family, or widebody commercial aircraft like the A380. The Airbus A380 is Emirates’ favorite, with 162 aircraft ordered. The Airbus-Boeing duopoly Over the past two decades, the global market of commercial aircraft has been mainly dominated by two major players in the aerospace industry: Airbus and Boeing. The Boeing Company is also one of the largest defense contractors, its Defense, Space and Security division generating more than 23 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. 
 The most honored albums of all time in terms of Grammy Awards won are 'How to Dismantle an Atomic Bomb' recorded by U2, and 'Supernatural' by Santana. Both of these albums received nine Grammy Awards each. 
 The statistic represents the urban population in Sri Lanka, which is the number of people living in urban conditions. In 2018, the urban population in Sri Lanka stood at approximately 3.87 million people. 
 This statistic provides information on the level of global mobile video traffic from 2017 to 2022. In 2018, global mobile video traffic amounted to 12,051 petabytes per month and is expected to multiply to 60,889 PB per month in 2022. 
 The statistic shows the growth in global gross domestic product (GDP) from 2014 to 2019, with projections up until 2024. In 2019, the global economy grew by about 3.01 percent compared to the previous year. Global gross domestic product Gross domestic product, also called GDP, is the market value of goods and services produced by a country in a certain time period. It is an important factor to evaluate the economic state of a country: the higher the GDP of a country, the better its economic state. Another important indicator is GDP per capita, which literally means “GDP per person”, but despite its name, it is not used to determine the standard of living in a country, as it does not reflect an individual’s personal income. Instead, it shows the theoretical distribution of a country’s GDP among its inhabitants at a certain point in time. Again, the higher the GDP per capita of a country, the better its economy is set. Global gross domestic product is a key indicator for global economy, which combines all individual economies worldwide. When looking at the gross domestic product / GDP of selected global regions, it is obvious that GDP is highest in industrialized countries. A look at the distribution of GDP of the main industrialized and emerging countries in selected countries shows that the United States’ GDP is the highest by far, followed by China and Japan. The United States, China and Japan are thus the largest economies in the world, followed by Germany. This status is reflected in their GDP per capita; again, the United States lead this ranking, followed by Japan and Germany. When it comes to countries with the highest increase in GDP in comparison to the previous year, however, none of these countries are among the first few. This ranking is led by Libya, had quite a significant economic lead over the others. 
 This statistic displays the prevalence of asthma in selected European countries in 2015. The United Kingdom (UK) had the highest number of individuals with asthma in Europe, with a prevalence of 4.67 million individuals. The number of individuals with asthma in Spain was noticeably less at 1.58 million. The United Kingdom also had the largest share of individuals who self-reported their asthma at 9.4 percent. Asthma is characterised as a chronic lung condition that often starts in early childhood. It is caused by inflammation of the air tract thereby narrowing the air passages. The severity of symptoms varies between individuals, with the main symptoms including wheezing, breathlessness, a tight chest and coughing. While there is no cure for asthma, there are treatments available which help to control the symptoms. Individuals are issued with controlled medication such as inhalers. The use of such inhalers depends on the individuals treatment plan and how often they need to use the them. According to a survey conducted in Europe 54 percent of individuals in Germany and 52 percent of individuals in the UK use their controller medication every day. 
 The statistic shows global revenue from earphone and headphone sales from 2014 to 2017. In 2017, earphones and headphones were estimated to have a market value of 14.55 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the number of children waiting for adoption in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, about 125,422 children in the U.S. were waiting to be adopted. 
 The statistic shows the number of U.S. drone strikes carried out under CIA command in Pakistan from 2004 to November 5, 2019. In 2018, the U.S. carried out one drone strike in Pakistan. 
 According to the most recent data, more people died in Spain than were born in 2018, with figures reaching over 427 thousand deaths versus 370 thousand newborns. During the period under consideration, 2008 ranked as the year in which the largest number of children were born, with figures reaching over half million newborns. The depopulation of a country The population of Spain has been in decline for many years and was projected to decrease by nearly one million by 2023. This will not come as a surprise since Spain has the lowest fertility rate in the European Union, with barely 1.34 children per woman according to the latest reports. During the last ten years, the country featured a continuous population density of approximately 93 inhabitants per square kilometer – a figure far from the European average, which stood nearly at nearly 121 inhabitants per square kilometer in 2017. Migration inflow: an essential role in the Spanish population growth One of the key points to balance out this population downtrend in Spain is immigration – Spain’s immigration figures finally started to pick up in 2015 after a downward trend that presumably initiated after the 2008 financial crisis, which left Spain with one of the highest unemployment rates in Europe. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Belgian national football team from 1993 to 2019. Until 2013, the team did not reach a position better than 11. Rank 66 was the lowest result of the team, which was reached in 2009. Since 2013, the Belgian national football team reached the top five, with a number one position in 2015. As of 2019, Belgium is ranked number one on the FIFA World Ranking. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Austria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Austria had amounted to about 2.12 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the production of potatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, approximately 513.5 million cwt of potatoes were produced in the U.S. in 2000. U.S. potato production decreased to about 465 million cwt in 2012. 
 This timeline shows clothing and clothing accessories store sales in the United States from 1992 to 2017. In 2017, U.S. clothing and clothing accessories store sales amounted to about 258.74 billion U.S. dollars. According to the NAICS definition, companies operating in this sector are retailing clothing and clothing accessories from fixed point-of-sale locations.The clothing Industry in the United StatesIn 2012, the global apparel market was valued at 1.7 trillion U.S. dollars and was estimated to employ approximately 75 million people, making it one of the largest industries in the world. The womenswear sector accounts for 50 percent of the global demand, while the remaining market is divided between smaller sectors, such as menswear, accessories or children’s garments. Some of the largest apparel markets by country are the United States, Brazil, China, Italy and Japan. According to projections, the United States' apparel market is expected to grow from 225 billion U.S. dollars in 2012 to 385 billion U.S. dollars in 2025. Although an increasing amount of clothes are bought online, the main retail channels for U.S. American apparel companies remain mass merchants and chain clothing stores. From the total of over 187 billion U.S. dollars in clothing store sales in 2015, womenswear accounts for over 41 billion U.S. dollars, while menswear for 8.8 billion. As of 2016, the leading apparel retailer in the United States is TJX, a Massachusetts-based apparel and home goods department store chain selling off-price goods, such as manufacturer irregulars, canceled orders, goods returned by other retailers and end-of-season closeout merchandise. TJX reported retail sales of about 20.95 billion U.S. dollars and it was followed by Kohl's and Ross Stores, with apparel sales worth 18.75 billion and 12.86 billion U.S. dollars respectively. According to the U.S. Census Bureau, December is the most popular month for buying clothes in the United States. During the holiday season in 2016, clothing stores reported sales of 15.69 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts total Medicare spending from 1970 to 2018. In 1970, some 7.5 billion U.S. dollars were spent on the Medicare program in the United States. Almost fifty years later, in 2018 this figure stood at some 740.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Argentina from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The gross domestic product denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Argentina's gross domestic product amounted to around 519.49 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of famine deaths per100,000 people worldwide from 1900 to 2010. In the 1920s, about 814 people per 100,000 of the global population died as a result of famine. 
 The statistic shows Australia's public debt from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. The debt-to-GDP ratio includes the debts of central and local government, communities and municipalities as well as social security. In 2018, Australia's public debt was around 41.37 percent of its GDP. The same year, the Australian inflation rate amounted to 1.96 percent. 
 This statistic shows the estimated total amount of strawberries produced in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, around 1.43 million tons of strawberries were produced in the United States. 
 In 2018, the average expenditure on laundry and cleaning supplies in the United States amounted to 183.79 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. In comparison, the country's average expenditure on laundry and cleaning supplies amounted to 147.55 U.S. dollars per consumer unit in 2014. U.S. Laundry and Cleaning Market The cleaning industry can be roughly divided into residential, commercial, specialty, and laundry services. In 2018, laundry care and household cleaner products had sales totaling approximately 1.4 and 1.04 billion U.S. dollars, respectively. Consumers are increasingly conscious of the chemicals used in their homes; 17 percent of consumers from the United States stated that they always looked out for ecofriendly labels when buying cleaning and laundry products. Laundry care and cleaning supplies are comprised of several different products. Laundry prewash and additives and all-purpose cleaner/disinfectant are some of the best-selling products in this segment. Clorox Company and Colgate are some of the leading all-purpose cleaning supplies companies in the United States. Proctor & Gamble was the top ranked laundry detergent vendor in the United States as of 2018.
 This statistic displays the number of opticians per 10,000 population working in selected countries in Europe in 2017. In this year, France had the highest number of opticians with 5.34 opticians per 10,000 population, this was closely followed by Switzerland with 3.25 opticians per 10,000 population and Belgium with 3.1 opticians per 10,000 population. The source provides the information that the professions of Optometry and Optics in Spain and the Nordic countries are combined in one, as optometrists. However, the number of optician retail outlets was highest in Cyprus with 2.54 outlets per 10,000 population. Although France has the highest number of opticians per population, the corresponding number of retail outlets amounted to 2.03 retail outlets per 10,000 population. In the United Kingdom (UK) there were 1.01 opticians per 10,000 population. In 2016, 51 percent of optometrists and 22 percent of dispensing opticians were registered with the General Optical Council in the UK. The GOC maintains a register of opticians and regulates the services provided by dispensing opticians and optometrists. Throughout Europe there are corresponding associations established to regulate the work and services provided by opticians and to set the standards of work which is expected of them. 
 This statistic displays the number of visitor arrivals in Finland between January and October 2019, by country of origin. The visitor arrivals refer to arrivals in all accommodation establishments in the respective year. Finnish people made up for the majority of visitor arrivals, the number amounting to nearly eight million. Russian tourist arrivals for that period totaled over 317 thousand. 
 During the year 2017, the total champagne exports from France to the United Kingdom amounted to about 27 millions of 75 cl. bottles. The UK is the first export market for French champagne. French sparkling wine export France is the main exporter for sparkling wine, with an export value of nearly 3.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. The group Moët-Hennessy (LVMH Group) alone, operating among other well-known brands like Dom Pérignon and Veuve Cliquot, generated a turnover of about 2.4 billion euros from Champagne sales. Sparkling wine consumption in the UK In the United Kingdom, the consumption of sparkling wine has increased from 0.75 million hectoliters in 2007 to 1.25 million hectoliters in 2017. In 2018, the sales of sparkling wine amounted to 164 million bottles in the United Kingdom, and 23 percent of UK responding champagne drinkers stated spending between 11 and 25 pounds on sparkling wine and champagne in a month. 
 This statistic shows the most common reactions of online adults in the United States when encountering racist posts on social media. During the August 2017 survey, 40 percent of respondents stated they would ignore the content, whereas 31 percent would unfollow or unfriend the poster. 
 The sales value of the liquor market in Alberta amounted to around 2.6 billion Canadian dollars in the 2019 financial year. This is an increase of around 0.55 billion Canadian dollars since 2010. Canadian liquor laws Canada has complex liquor laws which have developed since Prohibition in the 1920s. Throughout Canada’s provinces and territories, there are 13 different organizations responsible for regulating the sale and distribution of alcohol. Within most provinces there are provincially owned stores who have a monopoly over spirit, or liquor, sales. Whilst in some provinces it is possible to buy a limited selection of spirits, wine or beer in privately owned shops or grocery stores. The Canadian liquor market The sales value of spirits in the whole of Canada has increased year-on-year to around 5.49 billion Canadian dollars in 2018, around 2.85 billion of which were imported products. The total volume of spirits consumed in Canada has also, unsurprisingly, gradually increased in recent years, reaching 164.5 million liters in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Greece from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, about 79.06 percent of the total population in Greece lived in cities. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Zimbabwe from 1994 to 2015, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Zimbabwe's estimated gross domestic product amounted to around 21 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the net income of Philips from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, Philips' net income amounted to around 1.1 billion euros. After spin-offs of other product segments, Koninklijke Philips N.V. today is a company focused on healthcare/medical technology. 
 This statistic displays a ranking of the most valuable telecommunications brands in the United Kingdom (UK) as of 2018. Vodafone ranked first with a brand value of 18.7 billion U.S. dollars. O2 had a brand value of 8.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Iraq from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Iraq was at approximately 7.91 percent. 
 In 2018, the birth rate in France reached its lowest level since 2003. From 2003 to 2018, the birth rate in France has been fluctuating between more than 11 births and almost 13 births for 1,000 inhabitants. The highest birth rate in France during this period was recorded in 2006. That year there were 13.1 births per 1,000 inhabitants. Since then, the birth rate in the country keeps decreasing. If France keeps being one of the European countries with the highest fertility rate, it is still been impacted by the decline in the birth rate that affects most Western countries. A Declining birth rate Birth rate is the ration between the annual number of live births and the average total population over that year. In 2018, there were more than 719,000 live births in France, while the French population amounted to 66.77 million people. The average number of children born per women went from 2.03 in 2010, down to 1.92 in 2016. Births in France With a crude birth rate of 11.7 births per 1,000 inhabitants in 2016, France still has one of the highest birth rates in Europe. The percentage of children born out-of-wedlock in France has been rising since the nineties, reaching 60.3 percent in 2018. Another change can be seen in the average age at childbirth among French women. In 2018, most of women in France were aged 30.6 years old at childbirth, compared to 28.8 years old in 1994. 
 This statistic shows the total egg production in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 109.2 billion eggs were produced in the United States. 
 This statistic represents the percentage of world nuclear power consumption in 2018, by country. That year, the United States accounted for more than one third of the total nuclear power consumption worldwide. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Egypt from 1984 to 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Egypt amounted to 2,573.29 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2017, the birth rate in the United States was highest in families that had under 10,000 U.S. dollars in income per year, at 66.44 births per 1,000 women. As the income scale increases, the birth rate decreases, with families making 200,000 U.S. dollars or more per year having the lowest birth rate, at 43.92 births per 1,000 women. Income and the birth rate Income and high birth rates are strongly linked, not just in the United States, but around the world. Women in lower income brackets tend to have higher birth rates across the board. There are many factors at play in birth rates, such as the education level of the mother, ethnicity of the mother, and even where someone lives. The fertility rate in the United States The fertility rate in the United States has been falling steadily, and it seems that more and more women are waiting longer to begin having children. In 2017, the average age of the mother at the birth of their first child was 26.8 years old, although this figure varies for different ethnic origins. 
 The states in the U.S. with the highest home birth rate in 2018 included Montana, Wisconsin and Utah. Montana had the highest home birth rate with 2.4 percent of all births occurring at home while 2.3 percent of all births in Wisconsin occurred at home. Home births Home births are selected by women in the U.S. for a variety of reasons that may include, a preference for less medical intervention, a location preference, cost, and a cultural or religious preference. In general, home births are not very common in the U.S. Home birth was one of the least common birthing characteristics among mothers in 2017. U.S. births Generally, births in the U.S. have been on the decline in recent years. Mothers that give birth have different characteristics. Mothers aged 20 to 34 years have the highest birth rate among all mothers in the U.S. Likewise, mothers of Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander origin had higher birth rates than mothers of other ethnicities. Family size and income also have an impact on birth rate. Households with an income under 10,000 U.S. dollars have a higher birth rate than higher household income brackets. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditure on slipcovers and decorative pillows per consumer unit in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the country's average expenditure on slipcovers and decorative pillows amounted to 5.01 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. Reflecting the growing complexity of mattress designs, the pillow segment continues to evolve with new constructions, styles and features designed to deliver a better sleep experience. Today’s producers are offering a wide range of options to consumers, from basic fiber and shredded foam models at the lower end to sophisticated latex, memory foam, down-fill, gel and even innerspring and air models at the medium to higher ends. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Saudi Arabia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is defined as the share of the urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, about 83.84 percent of the total population of Saudi Arabia lived in cities. 
 This statistic depicts the number of active physicians in California as of March 2019, ordered by their specialty area. At that time, there were 6,098 anesthesiologists active in California. There are over 58,000 active physicians in the state. 
 This statistic shows the rate of drug related offences in Canada from 2000 to 2018. There were roughly 225.27 drug-related offences per 100,000 residents nationwide in Canada in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Minnesota Vikings from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Minnesota Vikings was 66,849. 
 The statistic presents the projected number of PC online gamers in Malaysia from 2012 to 2014. NIKO Media Research projected the number would rise from 7.62 million in 2012 to 9.9 million in 2014. 
 The Ballon d’Or is an annual football prize presented by France Football. The award, voted for by football journalists, is given to the male player who was deemed to have played the best football over the previous 12 months. Unsurprisingly, two of the greatest footballers of all time, Lionel Messi and Cristiano Ronaldo, top the list of all-time winners. Messi won the title for a record-breaking sixth time in 2019, while Ronaldo sits just behind him in second place with five trophies to his name. Cristiano Ronaldo Portugal’s Cristiano Ronaldo won his first Ballon d’Or in 2008 when he was still playing for Manchester United. He was also voted the club’s player of the year that season and helped them to win three successive league titles between 2007 and 2009. Manchester United remain the all-time leaders in number of English top flight wins, having taken home the trophy 20 times. Ronaldo subsequently won four Ballon d’Or trophies during his time at Real Madrid, where he won the Spanish league twice and the Champions League four times. Real Madrid have dominated the Champions League in recent years and took home the trophy four out of five times between 2013 and 2018. They are by far the most successful team in European Cup history, having lifted the prestigious trophy a total of 13 times. Lionel Messi It is difficult to mention the successes of Cristiano Ronaldo without mentioning those of his rival, Lionel Messi. The Argentinian won the Ballon d’Or four years running between 2009 and 2012 and claimed the trophy twice more in 2015 and 2019. Even as he enters the latter stages of his career, he remains one of the most valuable players on the planet and an integral part of both FC Barcelona and the Argentinean national team. He has won La Liga 10 times and has also been part of the winning Barcelona Champions League side four times, one short of Ronaldo’s tally. 
 Between 2019 and 2045 the global expenditures for diabetes treatment is expected to grow from 760 billion U.S. dollars to 845 billion U.S. dollars. Diabetes can have life-threatening cardiovascular, renal and nervous system consequences when left untreated. Diabetes is one of the leading causes of death worldwide.Diabetes overview Diabetes is a chronic illness that affects the pancreas’s ability to produce insulin or how the body uses insulin. Insulin is a hormone that acts on blood glucose levels. There are several types of diabetes including type I, type II and gestational diabetes. Diabetes can be treated through daily insulin injections and/or oral medication. Diagnosis and monitoring of diabetes can be done through blood glucose monitoring. Recent studies indicate that among all regions, Africa and Southeast Asia have the highest percentages of undiagnosed diabetes globally. Diabetes health care costs Among all countries worldwide, the United States and China have some of the highest diabetes medical expenditures. When compared to one another, the United States had diabetes health care expenditures almost three times higher than China in 2019. Despite these two countries sharing the highest expenditures for diabetics, they are not the countries with the highest spending per patient. Switzerland has the highest health care expenditures per diabetic patient as of 2019. 
 This timeline shows the sales volume of bottled water in the United States from 2006 to 2018. According to the report, the volume of bottled water in the U.S. amounted to about 13.85 billion gallons in 2018. 
 This statistic represents the projected consumption of refined tin worldwide between 2011 and 2017. In 2014, approximately 386,000 metric tons of refined tin are expected to be consumed globally. 
 The travel and tourism industry contributed to the French Gross Domestic Product (GDP) in total with approximately 204.3 billion euros in 2017. The source predicted that this contribution will increase in the coming ten years, reaching an expected total of around 248.1 billion euros in 2028. In 2017, France welcomed almost 87 million international tourists, making it the most visited country in the world in that year. France was the most attractive country for tourists in 2017 Most of those visitors came from the other side of the Channel: France welcomed in that same year a total of 12.7 million tourists from the United Kingdom. Further 11.8 million tourists from Germany also visited France. Nonetheless, non-European residents seem to have contributed more to the French tourism revenues than other European tourists, as they spent on average 9.4 nights in France in 2014 . International tourists spend less in Paris During the year 2017 alone, international visitors spent a total of 13.05 billion U.S. dollars in Paris, representing a decrease of approximately six billion U.S. dollars in comparison to a peak in 2013, whilst the opposite trend is observed for the number of international tourists. In spite of decline of tourist spending, Paris was the 7th leading city in international visitor spending in the world in 2017 . 
 Royal Bank of Canada (RBC) has been increasing its assets over the past few years. They stood at 1.43 trillion Canadian dollars in 2019, up from 941 billion Canadian dollars in 2014. How big is RBC? The assets given in this statistic make RBC the largest bank in Canada, followed closely by Toronto-Dominion Bank (TD Bank). While Canada has significant financial centers such as Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver, it is also one of the largest countries in the world. To cover this geography, RBC has a particularly high number of employees for a bank of that size. Global perspective Not only is RBC the largest bank in Canada, its market capitalization makes it one of the largest banks in the world. Its private banking operations are a large driver of its value, with assets under management making it one of the leading private banks as well. These make RBC a major global player whose reach extends well beyond the Canadian border. 
 This statistic shows the share of internet users in the United States who were using Facebook Messenger as of January 2018, sorted by age. We Are Flint found that 89 percent of internet users aged from 25 to 34 years used the social networking site's messenger platform. 
 This statistic presents the brand value of the leading 10 most valuable Indonesian brands in 2019. Telkom Indonesia took the top spot with a brand value of approximately 4.6 billion U.S. dollars. The second most valuable brand in Indonesia, Bank BRI, had a brand value of approximately 3.27 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the global number of ransomware attacks from 2014 to 2018. In the most recently reported period, over 204 million ransomware attacks were carried out. This represents a 11 percent growth from 2017. 
 After entering Italy, Coronavirus (COVID-19) has been spreading fast. As of March 3, 2020, twelve deaths were reported by the authorities, 55 in the region of Lombardy, 18 in the region of Emilia-Romagna, and three in the region of Veneto. The total number of cases reported in the country exceeded two thousand. The North of the country was mostly hit, and the region with the highest number of cases was Lombardy, which registered 1,520 of them. The neighboring region of Veneto registered 307 cases. Italy is currently the country with the third highest number of Coronavirus cases after China and South Korea. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Cleveland Indians from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 224 million U.S. dollars.The Cleveland Indians are owned by Lawrence and Paul Dolan, who bought the franchise for 323 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the total annual spend of international tourists ('visitor exports') in Spain from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. Inbound tourism expenditure in Spain reached around 66.5 billion euros in 2017. 
 This statistic presents the total revenue of Wells Fargo from 2009 to 2018. The revenue of Wells Fargo amounted to approximately 86.41 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the player expenses (payroll) of the Chicago Fire club of Major League Soccer by player in 2019. Bastian Schweinsteiger received a salary of 5.6 million U.S. dollars in that year. 
 This statistic depicts the value of the U.S. tableware market in 2012. In 2012, cookware generated about 3.3 billion U.S. dollars for the U.S. tabletop market. The total market value of the U.S. tabletop market was about 12.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the unit shipments of 4k Ultra HD TVs worldwide from 2013 to 2016. In 2014, 10.1 million 4k Ultra HD TVs were shipped worldwide. This number was expected to increase to 48.1 million by 2016. China is currently the world's major supplier of 4K TVs and were projected to ship around 31 million units in 2017. 
 This statistic illustrates the average Comex spot price of silver from 1975 to 2018, in U.S. dollars per ounce. In 2005, the annual average price for one ounce of silver on the Comex exchange was 7.32 U.S. dollars. By 2018, the annual average price of silver was 15.65 U.S. dollars per ounce. 
 The statistic presents the preferred music genres of the average U.S. teenage internet user as of August 2012. During the survey, 15.3 percent of respondents stated they would choose country music if they could only listen to one genre of music for the rest of their lives. The most popular answer was pop, which 18.4 percent of respondents selected as the one genre of music they would listen to for the rest of their lives. According to the recent data, however, hip-hop/rap is the genre that is most consumed in the United States. In 2016, this genre accounted for 18.2 percent of all music songs consumed. Pop came in second place with 15.3 percent. Preferred music genres of U.S. teens - additional information While popular music ultimately prevails among the 13- to 19-year old age group, their allegiance to country music aligns with the preferences of rest of the population, among which country music ousted classic rock as the most popular genre in the United States. Teenagers tend to rely on their friends to discover new music, but the majority of them never actually purchase music, or they purchase very little. This does not mean that teens do not discover new music often; besides traditional radio, the advent of online music streaming through platforms such as YouTube, Pandora, and Spotify has made it easier than ever for consumers to listen to music for minimal or no cost. In fact, listening to music online is one of the most common activities for teens and young adults in the U.S. to do when using the internet .Music piracy is also of growing concern in the United States, especially among the younger, tech-savvy generations. Despite the availability of free music sources, almost a third of teens have pirated music or movies, and more than half of the music collections of Americans under 30 years of age has been copied, ripped, or downloaded for free. The United States leads the world in the volume of music pirated via BitTorrent. 
 This graph shows the number of fatalities in U.S. railroad accidents from 2005 through 2018. In 2018, some 878 people died in train accidents in the United States, an increase from 823 fatalities in 2017. 
 This statistic illustrates the current accounts market share going to the Nationwide Building Society out of the whole current accounts financial market in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2011 to 2019. It can be seen that Nationwide's current account market share increased during the period under observation, reaching a share of eight percent as of the year ending April 2019 for all standard and packaged accounts. The smallest share of the current account market was found in 2011, when a share of 4.9 percent was recorded. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in shooting sport in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in shooting sport amounted to approximately 9.38 million. 
 The statistic presents the tier 1 capital ratio at the Bank of America from 2009 to 2018. The tier 1 common capital ratio is a measure of a bank's core equity capital compared with its total risk-weighted assets. In 2018, the tier 1 common capital ratio of the Bank of America amounted to 13.2 percent. 
 Does it always rain in Belgium? Well, there is some truth in each stereotype! Although it certainly does not rain every day, there is a lot of rainfall in Belgium. In 2016, it rained 190 out of 366 days, or over half of the days. And this was by no means a record: in 2012, it rained 212 days, or nearly 60 percent of all days. That year, the rainfall was nearly 1,000 millimeters. In 2016, although there were fewer rain days, rainfall was still over 940 millimeters. Fortunately the sun sometimes shines too Having read this, one might be forgiven for thinking the climate in Belgium is rather bad. Fortunately, Belgians have ample time to enjoy the sun as well. In 2016 for example, there were nearly 1,600 hours of sunshine. This was significantly more than in 2007 and 2008 for instance, when there were less than 1,500 hours. In recent years, 2011 was the sunniest year, with almost 1,800 hours of sunshine. Average temperature around 10 degrees Celsius All year round, the average temperature in Belgium is around 10 degrees Celsius in the last decade. In 2016, the average reached 10.7 degrees, a slight decrease compared to the two previous years, when the average temperature was 11.9 (2014) and 11.3 (2015) respectively. 
 The statistic shows the results of a survey among Americans on how much money they planned to spend on Valentine's Day gifts for pets each year. In 2014, an average consumer in the U.S. planned to spend 28.36 U.S. dollars on Valentine's Day gifts for pets. Valentine’s Day with pets in the United States – additional informationIt looks like Valentine’s Day might be losing its popularity. In 2016 some 55 percent of Americans made special plans to celebrate, almost ten percent less than in 2007. The criticism that is most often brought into discussion regarding St. Valentine’s, as well as more often in relation to Christmas, is the increased consumerism associated with both holidays. In fact, 66 percent respondents in a recent survey agreed that consumerism surrounding Valentine's Day has ruined the romance. That, however, did not stop Americans from spending an average of 96.63 U.S. dollars when buying a gift for their significant other, which added up to over 19 billion U.S. dollars being spent in total for the 2015 Valentine’s Day.Another trend is influencing how this holiday is being celebrated. A shift from the actual romance and a move towards people spending time with and buying Valentine’s gifts for family members, friends, colleagues and last, but not least, their beloved pets. An estimated 703 million dollars were spent by pet owners around February 14th 2015, an average of 25 U.S. dollars per person. Some pet gifts can cost much more than this though, and be as extravagant as a pair of Swarovski crystal earrings, a golden sable fur coat for dogs or even a unisex fragrance for dogs called "Sexy Beast". Every year, more and more retailers are trying to bank on the humans‘ love for their furry or feathered friends, but so are many animal shelters, which organize Valentine’s Day campaigns promoting the greatest proof of love: the gift of an adoptive family. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Puerto Rico from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Puerto Rican population was 38 years. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in billiards/pool in the United States from 2006 to 2013. In 2013, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in billiards/pool amounted to approximately 34.55 million. 
 The timeline shows the number of employees at QVC Incorporated from 2012 to 2018. The TV shopping network employed 21.4 thousand people in 2018. 
 The statistic presents results of a survey about whether U.S. adults have ever knowingly or unknowingly shared fake news or information online as of March 2019. It was found that ten percent of respondents admitted to sharing a news story online which they knew was made up, and 49 percent of surveyed adults had shared news which they later found out to be false. 
 This statistic shows the number of Accor hotels worldwide from 2015 to 2018. As of December 2018, there were 4,780 Accor hotels worldwide. 
 The statistic represents Bosch's expenditure on research and development from the fiscal year of 2005 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Germany-based multinational engineering and electronics company incurred approximately 6 billion euros (or about 6.8 billion U.S. dollars) in research and development costs. 
 The statistic shows the amount of money people in the United States would be willing to spend on their new headphones in 2017 according to a Statista survey. 27 percent of respondents said that they would be willing to spend up to 25 U.S. dollars on new headphones. 
 This statistic shows the leading 20 trends in food items on restaurant menus in the United States as forecasted by professional chefs for 2018. During the survey, 69 percent of the respondents stated that new cuts of meat (e.g. shoulder tender, oyster steak) would be a "hot trend" for restaurant menus in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Finnish national football team from 1993 to 2019. The highest position ever reached was 36 in 2007. Rank 94 was the lowest result of the team, which was reached in 2016. As of 2019, Finland's position in the world ranking was 55. 
 This statistic represents the total silicon production in the United States from 2011 to 2019. In 2019, 320,000 metric tons of silicon content was produced. Silicon alloys and metals are important in various industries. Ferrosilicon is commonly used in ferrous foundries and steel industries, whereas silicon metal is often used for aluminum, aluminum alloys, and the chemical industry. Silicon is also often used for semiconductors in solar panels, computer chips, and as a part of the automotive industry. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in South Africa from 1950 to 2050*.The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the South African population was 26.4 years. 
 This graph depicts the value of the New York Mets franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 2.3 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Indiana from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 13.1 percent of Indiana's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic illustrates the price of the crude oil grade Brent Crude for the period between January 2019 to January 2020, in average monthly values. Brent Crude is the world's leading price benchmark for Atlantic basin crude oils. It is used to price two thirds of the internationally traded crude oil supplies. In January 2020, the price of one barrel of Brent Crude oil was approximately 63.82 U.S. dollars. Brent Crude is the most significant crude oil benchmark for Europe. Brent crudes originate in the North Sea and include oils from Brent and Forties Oil Field in the United Kingdom, and from the Oseborg and Ekofisk oil fields, both in Norway. UK Brent crude oil price Other names for Brent Crude are Brent Blend, London Brent and Brent petroleum. The name Brent comes from the Brent oil field, located north-east of the Shetland Islands, and thus part of the United Kingdom. Because the Brent oil field already passed its production peak, today the benchmark Brent Crude includes oil from the other three major oil fields. Brent, beneath West Texas Intermediate (WTI), is one of the lightest crude oils. With a low content of sulphur, it is ranged among the so called sweet crude oils. Most of the Brent Crude oil is refined into gasoline and middle distillates in Northwest Europe. Other crucial benchmarks for crude oil prices are West Texas Intermediate (WTI), which is especially important for North America, and Dubai Crude (Fateh), which dominates the Asian oil market. Such benchmarks are indispensable for referencing the many types and grades of oil on the global market. With a few exceptions, there was a nearly constant increase in the price for one barrel of Brent Crude oil in the last fifteen years. For example, the average price per barrel stood at nearly 25 U.S. dollars in 2002. Until 2012, this price increased to almost 112 U.S. dollars. In 2010, however, the price fell under the mark of 100 U.S. dollars. The price in 2014 saw a rapid decrease, with monthly crude oil prices falling under 65 U.S. dollars per barrel, then fell even further to a low of 30.70 U.S. dollars per barrel in January 2016. Since then, prices have increased gradually. 
 This statistic depicts the countries with lowest prevalence of condom use among its male population worldwide as of 2013. As of that year, Niger had the lowest prevalence of condom use among men worldwide. Only four percent of its male population aged 15-49 years used condoms. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Barbados from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Barbados amounted to about 3.69 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic presents a projection of Amazon's retail market share in the United States in 2016 and 2020, based on GMV. In 2016, the online retail platform was estimated to account for 34 percent of the U.S. retail GMV. This share is set to increase to 50 percent in 2020. 
 The statistic shows New England Patriots players with the most receiving yards in franchise history. Stanley Morgan is the career receiving leader of the New England Patriots with 10,352 yards. 
 The timeline presents the number of indie games released on Steam worldwide from 2015 to 2017. Between June and August 2017 there were 1,107 indie games released on Steam, up from 685 games released in the corresponding period in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the share of global internet users who have used audio streaming services as of 2017, sorted by country. During the survey period, 75 percent of respondents from Mexico said that they had used audio streaming services in the past six months. In the United States, 48 percent of internet users used audio streaming services. 
 'Music channel Trap City had more than nine million subscriptions in April 2018, making it the most subscribed YouTube channel that comes from the Netherlands. The ranking also suggests that Dutch EDM artists or channels are popular to subscribe to, with entries for DJs Martin Garrix (3rd in this ranking), Hardwell (6th) and Tiësto (10th), as well as dance label Armada Music (7th). Note, however, that the numbers provided here concern worldwide subscribers. When looking at the number of subscribers to selected Dutch-speaking channels, other channels are the biggest. For example, vlogger EnzoKnol (full name: Enzo Erkelens) tops that list but is not mentioned here. Other popular channels from the Netherlands that are included in neither of these two rankings can be seen in a third ranking on YouTube video producers from the Netherlands, based on views: Dutch game streamer “Kwebbelkop” (real name: Jordi Maxim van den Bussche) and “TopNotchNL”, the video channel of Dutch hip hop label Top Notch, are first and seventh respectively in that particular list. Music videos are popular among all generations in the Netherlands Music was the leading reason for consumers in the Netherlands to watch online videos in 2018. In a survey, 66 percent of respondents said they watched videos of their favorite music artists on YouTube. Noticeably, this percentage was roughly the same for all age groups, both young and old. This might explain the large number of downloads of the YouTube Music app in the first month after its launch in the Netherlands in May 2018. Generation Z is more into vlogs 14- to 21-year-olds were more inclined to watch a vlog than other age groups. (ID 880391) 25 percent of Millennials (defined by the source as ages 22-36) said they watched this type of content. This was considerably less than the younger generation: 48 percent of Generation Z watched vlogs on YouTube in 2018. 
 This statistic gives information on the U.S. consumer usage of mobile payment offerings as of January 2017. During a survey of smartphone owners, 49 percent of respondents stated they had paid a bill via mobile. 
 This statistic depicts the per capita consumption of fresh berries in the United States from 2000 to 2015. The berries category comprises strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and cranberries. In 2015, the U.S. consumption of fresh berries amounted to about 10.25 pounds per capita. In the same year, the consumption of fresh fruit in the U.S. amounted to about 135.38 pounds. 
 This statistic shows the net migration balance of different regions between 2015 and 2020. During that time, Europe is estimated to have a net migration surplus of 6.81 million people. 
 Global hotel chain, Wyndham Hotel Group, leads the ranking of the top hotel companies by number properties. As of June 2019, Wyndham accounted for over nine thousand units in its worldwide portfolio, which ranged from economy to upscale accommodation. Its closest competitors were Choice Hotels International and Marriot International, who reported 7,045 and 7,003 properties, respectively. The global hotel property market The hotel industry is full of competition and continues to show growth due to a strengthening global traveler pool. The competitive nature of the industry means the number of properties a hotel company has to its name is subject to change. This is due to companies building, acquiring, or selling properties. For example, Wyndham’s acquisition of La Quinta Holdings added over 900 hotels to its property portfolio in 2018. The lodging construction pipelineSome cities and countries, not unexpectedly, have more new hotels in the works than others. In the U.S. alone there were over 5,300 properties in the development pipeline as of September 2018. When it came to cities, New York had the highest number of new lodging projects in the pipeline worldwide, making the U.S. one of the most productive countries in terms of new lodging construction. 
 This statistic shows the states with the largest number of pizza restaurants per capita in the United States in 2019. According to the source, Connecticut was the state with the most pizza restaurants per capita in 2019 with 3.65 units to every 10 thousand people. 
 This statistic displays the monthly exchange rate (as of the end of each month) of the euro to the Russian ruble (EUR/RUB), according to data from the European Central Bank, from January 2014 to January 2020. The concrete, or point in time, measure shows the exchange rate as of the last day of each month, which is different to the standardized measure; calculation of average based on observations throughout the period in question.Monthly change After seeing a height of 85.6 rubles to the euro in February 2016, the monthly exchange rate has fluctuated. Between December 2018 and January 2020, the end of month exchange rate between the euro and Russian ruble has seen a downward trend. As of January 2020, one euro equaled 70.3 Russian rubles. A similar downward trend can be seen between the euro and the U.S. dollar. Annual change The overall change in annual euro to Russian ruble exchange rate between 2012 and 2019 is also reflected in the annual exchange rate. As of January 2020, the monthly exchange rate of the euro to the Russian ruble was approximately 70.3. More can be seen on the euro exchange rate against other currencies in the Euro currency dossier. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Ghana from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ghana's real gross domestic product grew by around 6.26 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Ireland from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ireland's real gross domestic product grew by around 8.3 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Dominican Republic from1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Dominican Republic amounted to about 3.56 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in Saudi Arabia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the GDP in Saudi Arabia grew by approximately 2.43 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In the United States, 64 percent of professional chefs surveyed predicted that doughnuts with non-traditional filling would be a “hot trend” for restaurant menus in 2018. U.S. consumers love doughnuts Doughnuts are a very popular dessert item in the United States. Over the past nine years, the market size of doughnut stores in the United States has been steadily growing. While in 2010 the market size amounted to approximately 11 billion U.S. dollars, this figure had risen to almost 16 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. It has been found that over 200 million U.S. consumers ate doughnuts in 2019. That being said, around 120 million consumers stated they do not eat doughnuts at all. What is the most popular doughnut brand? When asked which brand of doughnuts they ate most often, nearly 67 percent of U.S. consumers surveyed stated they bought them from Dunkin’ Donuts in 2019. The Massachusetts-based quick service restaurant chain operates more than nine thousand establishments in the United States alone and has over three thousand units in international locations.
 The timeline shows Wayfair's annual revenues from 2012 to 2018. The home goods e-retailer generated 6.8 billion U.S. dollars in revenues in 2017, up from 4.7 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding year. Wayfair's online revenue (net sales) reached more than 3.38 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Wayfair generates the majority of its revenues via direct retail sales. 
 The statistic displays the rental costs per square meter of prime office spaces in Paris (CBD), France, from the first quarter 2015 to the first quarter 2019. It can be seen that the price of Parisian prime office properties increased over time, reaching 845 euros per square meter per year as of the first quarter of 2019. 
 Sales of Puma footwear amounted to around 2.6 billion euros in 2019, increasing for the fifth consecutive year. That year, footwear sales accounted for 46.4 percent of Puma’s sales, the largest share of the company’s three product segments. Younger customers push Puma sales Regarded as the company’s most important segment, sales of Puma footwear exceeded two billion euros for the first time in 2018. The sportswear manufacturer faced challenges throughout the year due to changing consumer trends and demands, most notably the reemerging trend for ‘chunky’ sneakers from both men and women. Puma has been able to appeal to a young, trendsetting audience via exclusive collaborations, such as the range with popstar and social media influencer Selena Gomez – Gomez’s Instagram account had the fifth-most followers worldwide as of January 2020. Where does Puma rank in footwear market? Footwear was Puma’s largest revenue contributor in 2019, but the amount generated from the sector was marginal when compared to the footwear revenues of Nike and adidas – sales of adidas footwear were five times larger than Puma’s in 2018. Nike and adidas are the two titans of the sportswear market worldwide, but Puma does not consider itself in competition with the bigger brands, preferring to focus on personal targets that have led to significant worldwide sales increases in recent years. 
 2010, 2011 and 2016 saw the highest prevalence of asthma diagnoses in the U.S. in recent years. Asthma prevalence trends indicate a growth in the number of new diagnoses. Asthma medical care costs have also shown to be increasing in recent years. Without proper treatment, patients face higher medical costs and indirect costs of missed workdays and illness time. Asthma Asthma is a complicated chronic illness that affects a person’s ability to breathe. Symptoms include shortness of breath, wheezing and coughing. Asthma is treatable through avoidance of triggers and through inhaled corticosteroids (an inhaler). Prescriptions of Albuterol, a commonly prescribed inhaler, have increased significantly in the U.S. Though, despite being used as a common treatment method for asthma, the out-of-pocket costs of albuterol have risen.Asthma prevalence Asthma prevalence in the U.S. is also increasing. Some U.S. states have seen a higher prevalence in recent years than others. Hawaii and Oregon have the current highest rates of asthma in the U.S. Despite having the highest prevalence rate, Hawaii does not have the most deaths from asthma. Recent studies indicate that New Mexico, followed by Mississippi, has the highest death rate from asthma in the U.S. Among all U.S. residents, the prevalence of active asthma attacks within the past 12 months has remained relatively stable in the last few years with some decline more recently. 
 Scotland has seen its annual rainfall vary since 1994, but it usually received more than 1,500 millimeters (mm) of rain per year. However, in 2018 the recorded rainfall amounted to 1,395mm, which was the fourth lowest during this period. Rainfall peaked in 2011 at 1,886mm. As of 2019, rainfall reached 1,593mn Wet end to the year The wettest months in Scotland tend to be those at the end of each year, with December of 2015 recording higher than normal levels of rain at 328mm. That same month there was an average of 25.7 raindays. Raindays are defined as those where more than 1mm of rain falls. This was approximately 10 more days of rainfall compared to December 2018. Why is it so wet in Scotland? With its mountainous landscape, it is no coincidence that on average it is Scotland that receives the most annual rain in the UK. The wettest parts of the UK are generally in mountainous regions, with the Western Highlands prone to high levels of rain. Here, rainfall can be 3,000mm per year. However, the East of Scotland can see levels as low as 800mm. This is often due to rainfall from the Atlantic weather systems coming in from the West and as these systems move east, rain deposits reduce. 
 This statistic gives information on the B2B e-commerce volume in the United States from 2006 to 2016, in billion U.S. dollars. In the most recent reported period, manufacturing and merchant wholesale revenue in the U.S. amounted to 5.79 trillion U.S. dollars in B2B e-commerce sales. 
 British oil and gas equipment company TechnipFMC generated a revenue of 12.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The origin story TechnipFMC emerged as the result of a merger in 2017 between the American company, FMC Technologies Inc. (founded in 2001), and the French company, Technip SA (founded in 1958). Headquartered in Houston, Paris, and London, TechnipFMC has grown to become one of the leading companies in the global oil and gas equipment and services technology sector. TechnipFMC is comprised of three segments: subsea, offshore, onshore and surface projects. Operating in 48 countries, TechnipFMC offers many services such as offshore oil exploration, oil extraction, and crude oil refinery. Within the United States, they have three operating centers which are devoted to the development of onshore process technologies. Company figures Since the merger, TechnipFMC’s number of employees has been on average 40,000 people. The company’s net income from 2017 to 2018 plummeted dramatically, down to a staggering net loss of 1.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 . Their total assets also decreased in value, though not nearly as dramatically. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to the gross domestic product (GDP) in Greece from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Greece's government spending amounted to about 46.72 percent of the gross domestic product. Greece's financial turmoil In 2011, the ratio of government expenditure to GDP in Greece started to decrease significantly from 53.73 percent to 46.36 percent in 2014. However, looking at Greece’s ratio compared to the other member states of the European Union, it shows that Greece - while still having a relatively high ratio - is not at the top of the list of countries with a high public ratio. Yet, Greece has a history of spending significantly more than it has been acquiring in government revenue. This unbalanced spending vs revenue situation is expected to change at some point between 2015 and 2016. When spending more than it received, Greece covered its yearly deficits by borrowing money to make up the difference. The accumulation of these deficits resulted in Greece’s growing debt, which in 2014 amounted to a total of 317.31 billion euros, and with the economic crisis, the country has had difficulties in paying back its large debts. However, it appears as if Greece is beginning to keep government spending below revenue in the near future. In order to recover, the country also needs economic growth, and according to the IMF, GDP is expected to increase after 2015 and along with it, Greece will likely see positive growth rates. 
 The forecast shows the global software spending from 2005 to 2015. In 2012, the worldwide software spending is expected at 271 billion U.S. dollars. Software includes, for example, application development and integration; business intelligence and data management; network, storage and systems management; security and operating systems. 
 This statistic represents John Deere's (Deere & Company's) total assets from 2013 through 2019. In 2014, the Fortune Global 500 company held total assets to the value of approximately 61.3 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019, Disney's releases accounted for 33.1 percent of all earnings at the box office in North America, up from 26 percent in the previous year. Disney has almost doubled its market share since 2014, and boasts a wealth of content from other studios thanks to multiple major acquisitions, including 21st Century Fox, which Disney acquired in early 2019. When taking Fox's market share into account and combining this figure with Disney's, the latter's market share actually amounted to 38 percent in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Switzerland from 2014 to 2017 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Switzerland's national debt amounted to approximately 32.93 percent of the GDP. 
 The statistic shows the number of global Vimeo subscribers as of the fourth quarter of 2019. According to company data, there was a total of close to 1.24 million subscribers to Vimeo's SaaS video tools at the end of the reported quarter. 
 This statistic shows the total number of homicides reported in Canada in 2018, by province. In 2018, there were a total of 266 homicides reported in Ontario. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Dallas Mavericks franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 307 million U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019, the average cost to businesses affected by a data breach in the United States amounted to 8.19 million U.S. dollars, up from 7.91 million U.S. dollars in the previous year. The global average cost per data breach was 3.92 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Ethiopia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Ethiopia was at 2.76 percent. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, PayPal’s net payment volume amounted to 199.4 billion U.S. dollars, representing a 22 percent year-on-year growth. This payment volume was generated through the over 3.46 billion transactions which PayPal processed during that period. In 2018, the payment provider's annual payment volume came to 578 billion U.S. dollars. Paypal company information Digital payment operator PayPal is one of the leading mobile payment platforms worldwide. The company enables customers to pay for goods and services digitally and has been making large gains in terms of mobile payment volume. In the most recently reported year, PayPal's mobile payment volume reached 227 billion U.S. dollars, up from 155 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding fiscal period. This represents a 46 percent year-on-year growth. When examining the most popular mobile payment methods accepted by online merchants worldwide, PayPal ranks third behind credit and debit cards and ahead of all other payment methods. PayPal in the United States PayPal is also one of the most popular payment methods for online transactions in the United States, accounting for 22 percent of online transactions. The company is also one of the leading mobile app publishers in the United States, reaching approximately half of U.S. mobile audiences. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Pittsburgh Pirates from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Pittsburgh Pirates was 18,412. • Pittsburgh Pirates total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic depicts a ranking of the top 10 U.S. non-profit hospitals based on the number of beds as of January 2017. At this point, the Florida Hospital Orlando was ranked second among such hospitals in the United States, with a total of 2,473 beds. 
 This statistic shows how consumers rate their sensitivity to price when shopping in the United Kingdom (UK) over the 12 months prior to survey (January 2013 to January 2014). Of respondents, 73 percent said they felt more sensitive to price while 22 percent felt their level of price sensitivity remained unchanged. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Sri Lanka from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Sri Lanka's real gross domestic product grew by around 3.21 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Libya from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2017, Libya's gross domestic product amounted to around 30.56 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the main industrialized and emerging countries in current prices in 2019. All figures are estimates. That year, the gross domestic product per capita in China amounted to approximately 10,098.87 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Norway from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Norway was at approximately 3.97 percent. 
 Deaths related to cannabis use in England and Wales amounted to 22 in 2018, the highest annual amount in the last 25 years. The number of cannabis-related deaths was highest in the previous year,at 29 deaths, and since 2014 the annual number of mortalities has remained above twenty. Use of cannabis In a 2018 survey, fifteen percent of the British public admitted they had consumed cannabis. Prevalence of cannabis use is highest in the younger age groups with almost thirty percent of those aged 18 to 24 years stating they had used cannabis. Additionally, cannabis is not regarded to be as dangerous as other illegal or even legal drugs by the public. Over a third of surveyed British individuals consider cannabis to be not harmful, compared to only four percent who think tobacco is not harmful. Caught green handed The number of offences involving cannabis possession in England and Wales has significantly decreased since 2009, the number of possession offences in 2018 was more than half of the figure in 2009. Furthermore, in the context of other European countries with relative populations; the United Kingdom had a lot less seizures of cannabis resin in 2016 than in Spain or France but more than Germany and Italy. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Pittsburgh Pirates games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 22.81 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2017, there were over 70 thousand practicing dentists in Germany, the highest number recorded in Europe. Followed by Italy with almost 50 thousand dentists and then France with around 43.1 thousand. As these countries have some of the highest populations in the European Union, it is follows that they have the highest number of practicing dentists. Visiting the dentist In 2018, a survey of German individuals revealed that 86 percent of respondents visit the dentist at least once a year. Furthermore, 41 percent of those, in general, see a dentist twice a year. While in Great Britain, the share of respondents who visit a dentist at least once a year is slightly lower at 74 percent. Dental market in the UKHousehold spending on dental services in the United Kingdom has significantly increased since the year 2000, going from approximately 1.4 billion British pounds to over 3.7 billion British pounds in 2017. However, the expenditure on dental services based on volume fell slightly in 2018 compared to 2017, at approximately 3.4 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the new cruise ships planned worldwide from 2015 to 2017, by passenger capacity. The largest ship planned was Royal Caribbean's Oasis III with a passenger capacity of 5,400 and an expected delivery date of August 2016. 
 Multiple factors can play a role in the decision to invest in real estate. To calculate how prosperous European cities are on the estate market, the Urban Land Institute considered transport connectivity, forecasted real estate returns, a city’s economic performance, availability of assets/opportunities for new development, market size and liquidity, regulatory environment, digital connectivity, attractiveness to talent, city leadership, housing affordability, and affordability of space for new/small/growing businesses. Leading European cities for development and investment According to the ranking, the leading five European cities by overall prospects for 2020 are Paris, Berlin, Frankfurt, London and Madrid. As most important factors for selecting a European city for investment or development, industry experts outlined transport connectivity, availability of assets or new development opportunities, forecasted returns, market size and liquidity, economic performance and regulatory environment. When it comes to the issues influencing real estate professionals in their investment choices, the major concerns shared were construction costs, availability of suitable assets/land for acquisition and development, and economic growth. Leading investment real estate sectors In terms of investment prospects, the sectors with the highest scores were co-living, data centres and logistic facilities. This should come as no surprise taking into consideration that the value of investment in industrial and logistic real estate in Europe has increased by more than threefold since 2012. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Brunei Darussalam from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Brunei Darussalam amounted to about 0.15 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic gives information on the most popular social networks used by Inc. 500 companies in 2017. During the measured period, it was found that 79 percent of Inc. 500 companies had an active Twitter account. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of the United Arab Emirates' (UAE) from 2014 to 2017, in relation to gross domestic product, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the United Arab Emirates' national debt amounted to approximately 20 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Montreal Canadiens from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Montreal Canadiens amounted to 243 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic shows the market share of the largest suppliers of major weapons between 2014 and 2018. The United States had a market share of 36 percent in international arms exports between 2014 and 2016. 
 In 2018/19 the number of knife crime offences recorded in London reached almost 15 thousand, an increase of more than five thousand compared with 2015/16. This rise reversed the trend of decreasing knife crime offences recorded between 2011/12 and 2014/15, which saw a reduction of knife crime offences from just over 14 thousand to under 9.7 thousand. A wider trend The increase in knife crime witnessed in London has occurred alongside a general increase in overall knife crime throughout England and Wales. While there are certainly multiple reasons for this disturbing trend, it is undeniable that the cuts to both police funding and officer numbers are important factors. Acid and moped attacks While knife crime in London has certainly been given a lot of attention by the British media, the increase in acid and moped attacks during the same time period have also generated many headlines. In 2017 for example there were 465 acid attacks recorded by the Metropolitan Police, compared with just 77 in 2012. Moped crime has seen an even greater increase than acid attacks, rising from just over 9 thousand offences in 2016 to almost 24 thousand in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the 20 least peaceful countries worldwide according to the Global Peace Index 2019. According to the Global Peace Index 2019, Afghanistan was the least peaceful country in the world with an index value of 3.574. 
 The statistic presents the most watched sports TV broadcasts in Canada in 2015, ranked by number of viewers. The 2015 curling Brier Final broadcasted in March on TSN placed ninth, with 1.25 million viewers. NFL Super Bowl ranked first, with 8.26 million viewers. 
 The statistic shows the number of cable television subscribers in the United States from 2010 to 2016. According to the source, there were 34.34 million cable subscribers in the United States in 2016, a decrease of more almost 10 million from 2010. 
 In the final quarter of 2019, The New York Times Company generated a total revenue of 508.36 million U.S. dollars, marking a small increase from the corresponding quarter of 2018. The fourth quarter of the year is generally the one in which the company makes the most revenue, and at the end of 2018 the figure surpassed 500 million for the first time in years. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in China from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in China was at 10.65 percent. 
 This statistic presents the monthly brand follower growth of Instagram profiles from August to December 2017. In the last measured month, Instagram brand profiles lost an average of 0.12 percent of followers compared to the previous month. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Oklahoma City Thunder franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.575 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the global medical alert systems/PERS (personal emergency response system) market volume in 2013, and provides a forecast for 2018 and 2020. In 2013, the global market size for such medical systems stood at some 1.23 billion U.S. dollars. Until 2020, the market is expected to increase to some two billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Nigeria from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, there were approximately 29.3 million social network users in Nigeria, and this figure is projected to grow to 36.8 million in 2023. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Italy from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Italy was at about 2.6 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 In 2019, Facebook's revenue amounted to 70.7 billion US dollars, up from 55.8 billion U.S. dollars in the previous fiscal year. The social network's main source of income is digital advertising. Facebook revenue and income – more information As a side effect from being the biggest social network worldwide, Facebook is the leading platform for social media advertising and marketing with 94 percent of global marketers utilizing Facebook in their marketing efforts. The majority of the social network’s revenues are generated through advertising – in 2019, advertising revenue amounted to close to 69.7 billion U.S. dollars whereas payments and other fees revenues amounted to 1.04 billion U.S. dollars. Facebook’s enormous online audience reach and high user engagement rates situate the platform as an attractive advertising base for brands and companies. The most popular Facebook fan pages have more than 100 million fans – singer Shakira and footballer Cristiano Ronaldo are ranked first as celebrity brand figures based on their number of Facebook followers. Popular types of content posted to Facebook include photos, links and status updates. 
 This statistic indicates the share of women having already practiced naturism on the beach or in a nudist camp worldwide in 2017, by country. Thus, we note that in France women were less than 10 percent to have already been entirely naked on the beach or in a naturist camp. 
 The statistic shows the leading countries in the globalization index 2019 in the field of political globalization. The 2019 edition of the index uses data from the year 2017. The index value for Italy was at 98.26 points in the globalization index 2019 in the field of political globalization. 
 This statistic presents information on the global active usage penetration rate of leading social media sites as of February 2019. During the survey period, it was found that 64 percent of internet users had accessed Facebook for any purpose in the past week. 
 The highest rate of concussions among U.S. Blue Cross Blue Shield (BCBS) members from 2010 to 2015 was among those aged 15-17 years. Among that age group the rate of concussion was 18.8 per 1,000 members. Unsurprisingly, the age group with the lowest rate of concussion was those aged less than 1 year. Many adults, especially those that are older, believe that concussions are a serious health concern. Concussions Concussions are considered a type of mild traumatic brain injury. Concussions are caused by some kind of trauma, hit, or bump to the head that causes the brain to move around rapidly inside of the skull. Concussions can have serious long-term side effects. Data suggests that males have a higher rate of concussions than females. Playing sports has a significant impact on someone’s risk of having a concussion. As much as 9 percent of youth in grades 9-12 who played sports had suffered a concussion in recent years. Traumatic Brain Injury Concussions are just one form of traumatic brain injury, though they are considered milder than other forms. Traumatic brain injuries can lead to death or permanent disability. The number of traumatic brain injuries seen in U.S. emergency departments exceeded 2.5 million in recent years. The death rate due to traumatic brain injuries is highest among cases where intentional self-harm is the primary cause, followed by cases in which unintentional falls were the primary cause of injury. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in South Africa from 1984 to 2018, with a projection up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in South Africa ranged at approximately 368.14 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the average waiting time for hernia surgery in NHS hospitals in the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2015. Over the six year period the average waiting time for hernia surgery increased to almost 104 days in 2015. 
 The statistic shows the annual earnings of the team managers of the participating national teams at the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia. The manager of the German national team, Joachim Löw, is the highest paid manager with earnings at around 3.85 million euros. 
 Tesla’s revenue grew to almost 24.6 billion U.S. dollars in the fiscal year of 2019, a three billion increase from the previous year. The United States is Tesla's largest sales markets. Revenue rises on model additions Almost 20 billion U.S. dollars of Tesla's revenue is generated from its automotive segment, which includes the design, manufacturing, and sales of vehicles. As of 2019, the electric vehicle (EV) maker has a model range that includes the Tesla Model S, Tesla Model X, and the newly released Tesla Model 3. In addition to this, the company has announced that the highly anticipated Model Y will become available in 2020. Model 3 legacy The Model 3 has emerged as Tesla's best-selling vehicle, but the EV maker has also struggled with consistent net losses in recent years, spending an increasing amount both on selling, general, and administrative (SG&A) activities as well as research and development (R&D) activities. Much of Tesla’s spending has specifically been on production of its new Model 3, a strongly popular vehicle with high demand. One response to this surge in popularity for the Model 3 was Tesla’s 2018 purchase of land for the construction of a Gigafactory in Shanghai, China. A factory within China will provide Tesla steady access to the Chinese electric vehicle market, a consistency welcomed in the midst of tensions between the U.S. and China over trade policies. 
 The statistic depicts Mexico's national debt from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Mexico was around 53.62 percent of the GDP. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Austria semi-annually from 2010 to 2019. In the second half of 2018, the average electricity price for households was 20.12 euro cents. 
 The statistic shows the number of U.S. drone strikes in Yemen from 2011 to November 5, 2019. In 2018, the U.S. carried out a total of 36 drone strikes in Yemen. 
 Consumption of natural gas in the United States reached a record high of 29.95 trillion cubic feet in 2018 and has risen by roughly a third since 1995. Natural gas consumption increased consistently from 2009 to 2016, after over a decade of fluctuation from 1995 to 2008. High demand for natural gas Natural gas is a colorless, odorless fossil fuel that comes from underground rock formations. It is typically used in the United States to heat homes. The electric power sector is currently responsible for the largest share of natural gas consumption in the United States, followed closely by the industrial sector. Consumption of natural gas by the electric power sector has nearly doubled since 2005, but remained lower than industrial sector consumption until 2012. Fossil fuels are still a common source Natural gas has the second-highest rate of consumption in the United States following petroleum. After the 2008 Recession, consumption of natural gas has increased more than any other energy source. The use of coal, however, has decreased significantly in the past decade as natural gas is seen as a lower-emission alternative and more cost-effective. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC betting and gaming tax receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. Over the period there were a number of fluctuations but overall there was an increase. In the most recent recorded period, betting and gaming tax receipts totaled almost 3 billion British pounds, which was also the peak. 
 This statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) at current prices of Scotland from 2000 to 2018. From 2000 to 2008 the gross domestic product at current prices increased each year. There was a decrease in 2009, but from 2010 to the end of the period, the GDP increased annually. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Kazakhstan from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Kazakhstan was at approximately 5.43 percent. 
 The gross domestic product (GDP) of California was about 2.96 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018, meaning that it contributed the most out of any state to the country’s GDP in that year. In contrast, Vermont had the lowest GDP in the United States, with 33.73 billion U.S. dollars. What is GDP? Gross domestic product, or GDP, is the total monetary value of all goods and services produced by an economy within a certain time period. GDP is used by economists to determine the economic health of an area, as well as to determine the size of the economy. GDP can be determined for countries, states and provinces, and metropolitan areas. GDP of the United States The United States has the largest gross domestic product in the world as of 2017, with China, Japan, Germany, and the United Kingdom rounding out the top five. The GDP of the United States has almost quadrupled since 1990, when it was about 5.9 trillion U.S. dollars, to about 20.5 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 As of January 2020, Brazil had over 150 million internet users. That is more than Mexico and Argentina combined, the two ranking second and third respectively. Meanwhile, in the Caribbean, the Dominican Republic featured the largest number of internet users. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Mauritius from 2014 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2016, the unemployment rate in Mauritius was at approximately 7.3 percent. 
 This statistic shows the operating profit of commercial airlines worldwide from 2006 to 2018, and gives an estimate for 2019 and a projection for 2020. In 2019, commercial airlines are estimated to have operating profits of around 42.5 billion U.S. dollars. The industry projected around 796 billion U.S. dollars in expenditure in that same year. 
 This statistic gives information on the gender distribution of internet users in India as of October 2015. During this period of time, 29 percent of Indian internet users were female. The majority of internet users were male. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Kuwait from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2017, Kuwait's gross domestic product amounted to around 119.53 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The highest position of Sweden’s national football team in the FIFA World Ranking ever reached was in 1994, when they came at fourth place. In this year, Sweden was in the play-off for the third place in the 1994 FIFA World Cup. The teams lowest rank was 44, which was reached in 2014. The women’s national team’s highest position was at third place in 2007, when Sweden was part of the FIFA Women’s World Cup and made the 10th position together with Japan. The determination of a team’s position in the ranking The International Federation of Association Football (FIFA) created the ranking. It is based on game results, so the most successful team is ranked highest. Today, a calculation model adapted from the Elo rating system is used, which is known in many sports. The teams get points for single games, that are determined by the relative strength of both opponents. These points must be added or subtracted to get the final position in the ranking. Sweden vs. top teams As of April 2019, the Swedish men’s national football team ranked on position 14. They had already two friendly matches against Finland and Iceland as well as two qualification matches for the upcoming UEFA Euro 2020 within Group F, consisting of six teams. By comparison, the three leading national teams in the FIFA World Ranking from April 2019 came from Belgium at the first position, followed by France and Brazil, at second and third position. 
 The statistic shows emigration from Norway over the years from 2008 to 2018. During the time under consideration, the emigration increased from 23,615 persons leaving the country in 2008, to 34,382 emigrates as of 2018. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Norway from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2017, the GDP per capita in Norway amounted to around 75,306.64 U.S. dollars. By the way, nowadays, Norway is one of the countries with the largest GDP per capita. 
 The number of liver transplants worldwide shows extreme regional variation. As of 2016, the Americas, Europe and Western Pacific had the largest number of liver transplants. The Americas, with the largest number, had about 11.3 thousand liver transplants in 2016. Organ donors Organs can be donated in two ways, upon a person’s death or from a living person in some circumstances. Among select OECD countries in 2017, Spain had the highest rate of deceased organ donors, followed by Portugal and the United States. Countries located in South East Asia had the largest percentage of living kidney donors, followed by the East Mediterranean. Likewise, for liver donations, countries in South East Asia had the highest percentage of living donors among all regions worldwide. Kidney transplants worldwide Among all types of transplants performed globally, kidney transplants represented a majority of all organ transplants. Much like the data indicated for liver transplants, kidney transplants also show distinct regional differences. Among all regions, the Americas and Europe had the largest number of kidney transplants in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the number of international students that were studying in the United States as of 2019. The numbers are ordered by countries of origin. In the academic year 2018/19, there were 369,548 international students from China studying in the United States. International students The majority of international students studying in the United States are originally from China and India, totaling 369,548 students and 202,014 students, respectively in the 2018/19 school year. In 2018/19, there were 377,943 international graduate students , which accounted for over one third of the international students in the country. Typically, engineering and math & computer science programs were among the most common fields of study for these students. The United States is home to many world-renowned schools, most notably, the Ivy League Colleges which provide education that is sought after by both foreign and local students. Foreign students in the United States pay some of the highest fees in the United States, with an average of 24,914 U.S. dollars. American students attending a college in New England paid an average of 13,400 U.S. dollars for tuition alone and there were about 71,098 international students in Massachusetts . Among high-income families, U.S. students paid an average of 30,706 U.S. dollars for college, whereas the average for all U.S. families reached only 26,226 U.S. dollars. Typically, 30 percent of families paid for college tuition through parent income and savings, while 31 percent relied on grants and scholarships. 
 This statistic shows the average cost for university tuition and fees (when studying in-state and living on campus) in the United States from the 2000/01 academic year to 2017/18. Costs have steadily been increasing, and in 2017/18 had reached an average of 14,042 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Rwanda from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Rwanda was at approximately 0.99 percent. 
 Nearly 295 thousand metric tons of pork was consumed across India in 2019. This was a decrease compared to the previous year. According to OECD, consuming meat was equated with living standards, diet, livestock production and consumer prices. The recent economic slowdown across the country reflected the decrease in meat consumption. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the Boston Celtics franchise had an estimated value of 3.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Los Angeles Angels from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 348 million U.S. dollars.The Los Angeles Angels are owned by Arturo Moreno, who bought the franchise for 184 million U.S. dollars in 2003. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Ireland from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Ireland was at approximately 5.28 percent. 
 This statistic displays the population density of Nepal from 2005 to 2017. In 2017, the population density of Nepal was around 204 people per square kilometer of land area, an increase from the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of specialized stores for the retail sale of clothing in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2008 to 2017. In 2017, there were 11,500 clothing retail stores in the UK, an increase of 44 stores on the previous year. 
 The statistic shows information on the monthly number of peak concurrent players of Warframe on Steam worldwide as of January 2020. In January 2020, Warframe reached 59.19 thousand concurrent players on Steam. In the measured period, the game reached its record high peak concurrent player number in June 2018 at over 129 thousand gamers playing at the same time. 
 The timeline depicts how many outboard engines were sold in each year from 2000 to 2013. In 2010, 178,900 outboard engines were sold in the U.S., a change of minus 1 percent compared to the previous year. More statistics and facts on recreational boating
 This statistic depicts the U.S. chemical price index from 2008 to 2018. In 2008, the price for chemical products excluding pharmaceuticals in the United States had an index of 90.9 (2012 = 100). In 2018, the index stood at 97.4. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Tampa Bay Rays games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 22.53 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Colombia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Colombia's gross domestic product amounted to around 330.97 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the revenue generated by Becton, Dickinson, and Company for the fiscal years 2011 to 2018. Becton, Dickinson, and Company reported a record revenue of over 10 billion U.S. dollars in 2015, up from 8.45 billion in the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the 20 countries with the highest growth of the gross domestic product (GDP) in 2019. In 2019, Bangladesh ranked 4th with an estimated GDP growth of approximately 7.79 percent compared to the previous year. GDP around the world Gross domestic product (GDP) is an indicator of the monetary value of all goods and services produced by a nation in a specific time period. GDP is a strong index of a country’s economic strength - the higher the GDP of a nation, the stronger that country’s economy. The countries in the world with the highest GDP or GDP per capita are mainly developed and emerging countries, with global gross domestic product amounting to nearly 75 trillion U.S. dollars. As of 2016, the United States is the nation in the world with the highest GDP with more than 18.56 trillion U.S. dollars, which makes up more than 15.7 percent of the global GDP. The countries with the lowest gross domestic product per capita in 2014 were mainly African nations. The country in the world with the lowest GDP per capita in 2016 was South Sudan, followed by Malawi, and Burundi. However, several economically struggling African and Asian countries such as Myanmar, Côte d'Ivoire, Bhutan, and India reported the highest growth of the gross domestic product in 2016. Also in the top 20 nations with the highest growth of the GDP is China. In 2016, the GDP in China was the second highest GDP in the world. It is estimated that by 2019 the GDP in China will grow by 6 percent. Based on this estimate, GDP in China will be at around 14.6 trillion U.S. dollars by 2019. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Ecuador from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Ecuador amounted to about -0.22 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic presents the frequency of Tinder usage in the United States as of January 2018. During an online survey conducted by We Are Flint, it was found that three percent of internet users in the United States accessed the dating app once every few days. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in tennis in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in tennis amounted to approximately 17.68 million. 
 This statistic shows the distribution of energy sources used for electricity production in Japan in March 2011. 
 In the last decade, the population of the city of Utrecht increased by roughly 55,000. In 2009, Utrecht had approximately 300,000 inhabitants. By 2019, the number of inhabitants had grown to nearly 353,000. This was approximately one quarter of the total population of the province of the same name, of which the city of Utrecht is the capital. In 2019, the province of Utrecht had roughly 1.3 million inhabitants, making it the fifth-largest province in the country after South and North Holland, North Brabant and Gelderland. Fourth-largest city in the Netherlands With its 353,000 inhabitants, Utrecht is one of the largest cities in the country. The capital, Amsterdam, is the largest city in the Netherlands, with roughly 863,000 inhabitants, followed by Rotterdam and The Hague. Utrecht follows in fourth place. Rabobank and NS headquarters Utrecht is home to a large number of internationally operating companies, of which Dutch bank Rabobank is just one. One of the leading banks in the country, Rabobank had nearly 450 branches nationwide in 2018. The Rabobank headquarters are in Utrecht though, as are the headquarters of the national railway organization (NS). Utrecht also has the largest railway station in the country, receiving an average of nearly 195,000 passengers every working day. 
 This statistic shows the number of part-time employees in the United States from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, about 26.94 million people were employed on a part-time basis. 
 This statistic represents the annual revenue of the BSH Group (BSH Haushaltsgeraete GmbH) between the 2003 to 2018 fiscal years. In its 2018 fiscal year, the BSH Group generated approximately 13.4 billion euros in revenue. 
 This statistic shows total cotton imports into the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2017, the United States imported some five thousand 480-pound bales into the country. 
 This statistic represents the U.S. states with the highest death rates from asthma as of 2017. As of this time, New Mexico had the highest asthma death rate with 18.2 deaths with asthma as the underlying cause of death per million population. 
 This timeline depicts the number of employees of Dollar General in the United States from 2007 to 2018. As of March 1, 2019, the company employed 135,000 people throughout the United States. Dollar General is a chain of discount variety stores that operates in 44 U.S. states. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Syria from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Syrian population was 23.6 years. 
 This statistic shows the annual average unemployment rate in Germany from 2004 to 2020. For 2019, the annual average unemployment rate amounted to 5 percent. The unemployment rate shows the share of unemployed people among potential employees available for the job market. This figure is calculated as follows - number of unemployed persons: number of unemployed persons + number of employed persons = unemployment rate (in percent).The status of being unemployed is defined as when an employed person is laid off, fired or quits his work and is still looking for a job. Even in a healthy economy unemployment occurs. If former employed persons go back to school or leave the job to take care of children they are not defined as unemployed. Unemployment can be a result of advanced technology, when machines replace worker tasks. Sometimes unemployment is caused by job outsourcing, when a company gets insolvent. Large-scale unemployment is also caused when consumer demands gets down and companies loose profit.Unemployment benefit payments in Germany are only paid, if you are unemployed and worked for the last 12 months. Otherwise benefits are received in the form of Arbeitslosengeld II, also called Hartz IV, which distributes social payments to people without an income who cannot work to make a living. 
 This statistic highlights the tart cherry production in the United States in 2018, by state. In Michigan, some 201 million pounds of tart cherries were produced in that year. 
 This statistic shows the share of internet users in the United States who use the same passwords across multiple online accounts as of October 2018. During the survey period, 20 percent of respondents stated that they used different passwords for every online login. 
 In 2018, insurance premiums amounted to 1,963 U.S. dollars per capita in the Bahamas. Insurance density is used as an indicator for the development of insurance within a country and is calculated as ratio of total insurance premiums to whole population of a given country. Insurance density in selected emerging countries The insurance industry is an industry that has the ability to make significant financial contributions to a national economy. It contributes to the formation of national income by creating value added through the provision of indemnity and in its role as an institutional investor. As a country develops and its gross domestic product rises, the demand for insurance increases significantly as the macro-economic focus begins to shift or deviate from its earlier incarnation. A result of this sort of change, especially in a developing country, is often a rise in the level of disposable income. As income increases so does the rate of consumption and the level of affluence, this can have a direct effect on population development, density and urbanization, this, in turn, has inevitable sociocultural repercussions and an increased sense of risk aversion.The future of the Bahamian insurance sector Some economists make the case for the interrelation of insurance sector growth and economic development: economic growth leads to a rise in the demand for insurance; the growth of the insurance industry induces economic growth. The GDP in the Bahamas is forecast to continue its climb until at least 2024. The population is also set to grow over the next few years. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in racquetball in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in racquetball amounted to approximately 3.53 million. 
 In 2019, Lego was the leading Danish brand in terms of brand value. It amounted to about 7.76 billion U.S. dollars, which was roughly 43 billion Danish kroner at the time. Mærsk and Arla were the brands coming in second and third place. The brand value is used to compare the position of a company with other brands. It is measured by the profit of the company and additionally by potential profits, reputation, prestige and market value. Lego Lego Group or Lego A/S is a family-owned toy manufacturer. The internationally operating company was founded in 1932 and is headquartered in Billund, Denmark. Its revenue increased strongly in recent years, peaking in 2016 at approximately 5.1 billion euros. As of 2018, the toy producer’s revenue was 4.87 million euros. Arla Arla Food, the third leading brand, produces and sells dairy products. The Danish company was founded in 1881 and is based in Viby. It is globally active and made its highest revenue in the United Kingdom in 2018. In this year, the dairy group’s total revenue amounted to roughly 10.4 million euros. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, the Japanese chat app company LINE Corporation generated almost 61 billion Japanese yen in consolidated sales revenues. The number of monthly active users in Japan during this quarter amounted to approximately 83 million people. 
 This statistic shows the monthly amount of cars sold by MINI in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. Peaks in registration numbers were recorded in March and September of each year, which was due to the issuing of license plates by the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in those months. In September 2019, around 12,700 new MINI cars had been sold. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Carolina Panthers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 99.77 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of child deaths per day due to child abuse and neglect in the United States from 1998 to 2018. In 2018, about 4.85 children died each day of abuse and neglect in the United States. 
 As of January 2020, China was home to the largest number of pigs of any country with 335 million heads. That year, the European Union and United States were second and third in the list, with over 148 and 77 million heads respectively. Global overview There were about 677.6 million pigs worldwide as of January 2020, meaning that China was home to more than half of the global pig population. Unsurprisingly, China is the leading pork producer worldwide, producing about 55 million metric tons of pork each year. China’s global pork exports have been decreasing over the past few years, while the EU remained the top exporter with over three million metric tons of pork shipments last year. The United States is also among the main exporters and importers of pork worldwide. Mexico was the main importer of U.S. pork, followed by Japan, South Korea and Canada. 
 Scooter and moped sales amounted to over 25,000 units in 2019. March and September recorded the highest sales, which were the months when the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency issued new registration plates for cars and motorcycles. In December 2019, 1,383 scooters and mopeds were sold in the United Kingdom. This was a noticeable decrease compared to the same month in the two years prior and indicative of an overall negative sales trend. Scooter sales When looking at sales of scooters and mopeds individually, scooters clearly come out on top. In December 2018, they accounted for 74 percent of combined sales. However, the number of new scooters registered also fell noticeably since 2016. Most popular motorcycle types Scooters were still one of the most popular motorcycle types in the country, although registration figures saw a net decline between 2014 and 2018. Naked or standard motorcycles recorded the greatest sales numbers, making them the leading motorcycles in the UK. 
 In 2019, over 356 thousand passenger cars were sold in Sweden. This was an increase of 0.65 percent compared to the previous year. During the past ten years, the amount fluctuated, peaking in 2017 at roughly 379 thousand units. 2009 saw the lowest number of cars sold in the country, amounting to only about 213 thousand. Which car brands are most popular in Sweden? Volvo led the ranking of the leading car brands in Sweden in 2019, based on new registrations. The Sweden-based manufacturer sold more than 65 thousand cars from this brand. German Volkswagen ranked second, at an amount of 48,945 units. Similarly, Volvo and Volkswagen car models, such as Volvo S/V60 and VW Golf, ranked highest as well that year. Registered passenger cars in Sweden In recent years, the total number of passenger cars in use in Sweden slightly grew, reaching a number of nearly 4.9 million in 2018. By contrast, in 2012, the stock amounted to 4.45 million. Especially, electric cars becoming increasingly popular. While the number of registered electric passenger cars was 129 in 2008, the amount was already over 16 thousand ten years later. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Tanzania from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Tanzania was at about 37.6 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic presents the social networking reach in Thailand from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 46 percent of the population in the country accessed social media. In 2019, this share is projected to reach 49 percent. 
 The statistic shows the share of TV households with a Netflix subscription in the United States in 2011 and 2017. In the presented time period, the share of TV households with Netflix rose from 28 percent to 54 percent. 
 This statistic provides a forecast of barley production volume worldwide in 2018/19, by country. In that year, Argentina produced about 4.5 million metric tons of barley. 
 This statistic shows the states with the largest share of Mexican restaurants in the United States as of May 2014. Texas had the largest share of Mexican restaurants as 16.7 percent of the state's total restaurants were Mexican. In 2015, the Mexican restaurant chain Chipotle Mexican Grill had 351 locations in California, the largest number Chipotle restaurants in the country. 
 In December 2019, Bentley sold 186 vehicles in the United Kingdom market. Sales of the British luxury car usually peaked in March and September of each year, as those were the months when the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) issued new registration plates. September 2018 was the notable exception, as there had only been 52 sales recorded. Bentley has been producing cars since 1919 and became a subsidiary of Volkswagen in 1998. Worldwide sales decline The United Kingdom is not the only market the company suffered losses in, but indicative of a general trend of decline beginning in 2017. By 2018, worldwide sales of the luxury car had fallen to levels similar of 2012. Bentayga most produced The Bentayga was the company’s most produced model starting in 2016. Although figures had declined from a peak of 5,586 units in 2016, the number of Bentayga cars produced still outranked all other models and amounted to 4,072 units in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide net revenue made by video games company Nintendo from fiscal 2008 to 2019. In 2019, Nintendo's net sales amounted to 10.91 billion U.S. dollars, up from 9.96 billion a year earlier. 
 This 2015 statistic shows how worried British respondents are about a terrorist attack happening in Britain. The largest share of respondents reported feeling quite worried, with over 40 percent, while 4 percent reported feeling not worried at all. Yet, despite the fact that 78 percent of respondents confessed to worrying about terrorism, this anxiety is irrational as the total resident population in the UK is exceedingly greater than the number of fatalities resulting terrorist attacks in recent years or the number of injuries resulting from terrorist attacks in the UK. Yet despite this fact the perceived threat of a terrorist attack remains high. 
 The statistic above presents the distribution of music song consumption in the United States in 2018, by genre. In 2018, rock music song consumption accounted for 11.7 percent of total music consumption. 
 The federal funds rate rose to 1.55 percent in 2019 after an unprecedented time below 0.2 percent after the Financial Crisis. The federal funds rate is the interest rate from the Federal Reserve, the central bank in the United States. It is a very important financial indicator and analysts all over the world watch this rate. What is a central bank rate? The federal funds rate is the rate at which financial institutions can borrow overnight from other depository institutions. These overnight loans are vital for banks because they ensure that the bank has constant access to cash, guaranteeing liquidity in the financial system. However, a higher rate means banks prefer to hold their money, slowing the loans issued and causes a decrease in the money supply. While this slows the economy, it also reduces inflation. Historic perspective The history of the federal funds rate shows ups and downs that follow the business cycle. When there is a recession, the rate drops, slowly increasing after the economy recovers. In addition to aggressive asset purchase programs, some central banks, including the European Central Bank, introduced negative interest rates. It remains to be seen how the Federal Reserve and other central banks will react to the next crisis. 
 This statistic shows the homicide rate in Canada in 2018, by province. In 2018, the highest homicide rate was in Nunavut with 20.84 murders per 100,000 residents. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of companies that hired MBA graduates from 2008 to 2018 and then those companies that were planning to hire MBA graduates for 2019. In 2019, around 76 percent of companies in this survey said that they intended to hire MBA graduates in the next year. 
 This statistic shows the projected Pinterest user growth in the United States from 2018 to 2022. In 2019, the social network's user figures grew 9.1 percent compared to the previous year. In 2022, development is estimated to slow to a 2 percent annual growth rate. 
 This statistic depicts the per capita consumption of fresh mangoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh mangoes amounted to approximately 3.17 pounds in 2018. In the same year, the consumption of fresh fruit in the U.S. amounted to about 115.14 pounds. 
 The revenue of Saputo Inc., the Montreal-based dairy company, reached approximately 13.5 billion Canadian dollars in 2019. Their revenue has gradually increased year-on-year from 7.3 billion Canadian dollars in 2013. Saputo Inc. Saputo Inc. produces, markets and distributes dairy products. Starting out in Montreal in 1954, today the company also operates in the United States, Argentina and Australia whilst selling their products in over 40 countries globally. Saputo Inc. was the second most successful dairy food processor in North America in 2017 , with annual sales reaching approximately 8.27 billion U.S. dollars in that year. When it comes to the Canadian cheese market, however, Saputo Inc. comes out on top, holding a 25.7 percent share of the whole market in the same year. Canadian dairy trade Canada is a big player in the global trade of dairy products. In 2017, over 440 million U.S. dollars’ worth of dairy and eggs were exported from Canada to the rest of the world. The United States was their biggest trading partner in 2018, receiving around 204 million U.S. dollars’ worth of goods. Canada imports an even larger sum of dairy goods from the United States. In 2018, they received approximately 320 million U.S. dollars of dairy products and eggs. 
 This statistic shows the development of Illinois' GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the GDP of Illinois was 764.21 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the United States from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the gross domestic product per capita in the United States amounted to around 62,868 U.S. dollars. Thus, the United States is one of the countries with the largest GDP per capita worldwide. See the U.S. GDP growth rate here and the US GDP for further information. For comparison, per capita GDP in China had reached about 5,523 U.S. dollars in 2011. Gross domestic product of the United States The gross domestic product (GDP) of a country is an economic key figure, as it represents the market value of goods and services produced in a country within one year. The United States’ GDP) is increasing consistently, and it is expected to continue growing. On a global scale, the U.S. share of GDP adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity has been in the range of 20 percent over the last few years, give or take a few percentage points. The United States has the largest GDP worldwide, with a significant lead over China, Japan and Germany. Gross domestic product per capita is annual GDP divided by the average population from the same year, which allows for a GDP calculation per inhabitant of a country. Thus, a country with a high GDP, like the United States, can still have a low GDP per capita. Consequently, if compared to other countries, the United States does not rank among the top ten on this list . 
 In January 2020, there were 243.5 million unique monthly visitors to music streaming service Spotify worldwide, less than the figure recorded for the January of the previous year. Whilst the number remained relatively stable for some time, 2019 has not been as good as year for Spotify when it comes to unique web visitors as 2018, with the number dropping below 220 million for several consecutive months. 
 This statistic provides information regarding the personal care products most frequently used by college students in the United States in 2011. The survey revealed that 97.8 percent of the respondents claimed that they used toothpaste on a daily basis. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Switzerland from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger.In 2015, the median age of Switzerland's population was 42.2 years. See Switzerland's population figures for comparison. 
 This statistic shows the distribution of religious beliefs in Scotland in 2018. Approximately 36 percent of people claimed that they were a Christian denomination, with the majority of those belonging to the Church of Scotland. On the other hand, over half of the respondent group said that they didn't identify themselves as having a religion. 
 In 2018, the average annual expenditure on cosmetics, perfume, and bath preparation products amounted to approximately 189.9 dollars per consumer unit in the United States. This figure represents the highest expenditure in over a decade. Purchasing behavior in the United States The United States is the most lucrative beauty and personal care market in the world. When it comes to purchasing behavior, American consumers often turn to “Big-Box” retail stores like Walmart or Target, or pharmacy chains like CVS in search of their favorite products. Product preferences among U.S. consumers In 2018, haircare and skincare products held the highest market shares in the U.S. beauty and personal care market. Looking at the individual products most frequently purchased by American consumers that year, soap, toothpaste, shampoo, and hair conditioner were some of the items with the biggest sales volumes. These products are some of the basics that can be found in an average U.S. household regardless of the age or gender of family members. 
 As of December 2019, Ontario, Canada’s most populous province, was home to the most pet and pet supplies stores across the country. At that time, there were 762 such stores in Ontario. Quebec and British Columbia, the second and third most populous provinces, came next in the ranking with 469 and 348 stores respectively. Are brick-and-mortar pet stores still necessary? In short, yes. Despite the rise of e-commerce, the majority of Canadian pet owners continue to purchase pet food in-store, with just 9.3 percent stating that they bought pet food online in a recent survey. Canadian pet expenditure The average Canadian household spends 631 Canadian dollars annually on their pets, thus creating a huge market for retailers. Although pet expenditure has fluctuated in past years, hitting a high of 650 Canadian dollars in 2016, spending has witnessed a long-term increase since 2010. In the fourth quarter of 2018, retail sales of pet food, supplies and accessories reached an all-time high of 1.57 billion Canadian dollars, an increase of almost 50 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Hungary from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Hungary's gross domestic product amounted to around 161.18 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives a breakdown of Kia's wholesale vehicle sales in the 2018 fiscal year, by region. In the 2018 fiscal year, some 21 percent of Kia's vehicle sales were made to customers in the United States. 
 On top of the list of the 20 largest companies ranked by turnover in the Nordic countries in February 2019 was the Norwegian petroleum and energy company Equinor ASA/Statoil. The turnover of Equinor reached almost 51 billion Euros. Second highest ranked on the list, with a turnover of approximately 34 billion Euros, was Sweden-based Volvo AB. Former petroleum company now engaging in renewable enrgy Eqinor ASA is since 2018 the new name of the former Statoil and started as a petroleum company in 1972 but is today also engaged and growing in renewable energy such as wind and solar power. Their main business is still oil, and the main source of the company’s revenue in 2018 came from crude oil and amounted to almost 41 billion US dollar of the total revenue of approximately 79.3 billion US dollar. Highest revenue from the home country Equinor is an international company operating in several countries both within and outside of Europe, with its largest operations in Norway, United States, Denmark and Sweden. The highest revenue is still produced in Norway, reaching approximately 58.4 million US dollar. 
 The statistic illustrates the leading Italian influencers ranked by number of Instagram followers in Italy as of 2019. Influencers (social influencers) might include journalists, subject experts, celebrities and other individuals with large followings. They typically have established online presences through multiple channels and large followings on social media platforms such as Facebook and Twitter and are widely considered authorities among their follower base. As of the survey period, Chiara Ferragni registered the highest number of Instagram followers. The Italian blogger, fashion influencer and businesswoman started her blog TheBlondeSalad in 2009 and, since then, she launched a clothing and shoes fashion line, she appeared on major magazine covers and moved to from Milan to Los Angeles. Loved and hated, Chiara shares her personal life, travels and collaborations with major fashion designers on Instagram on a daily basis. The number of people following her on the social media increases constantly reaching as of 2019, over twelve million followers. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Minnesota Twins from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 269 million U.S. dollars.The Minnesota Twins are owned by James Pohlad, who bought the franchise for 44 million U.S. dollars in 1984. 
 In 2016, data forecast expected retail sales of food items in the UK to increase by 1.1 percent in 2017 and 0.9 percent in 2018. The market value of grocery retail grew by about 3.1 percent in 2017. Looking at the possible impacts of Brexit, any forecast currently faces additional uncertainties that make predicting the development of the UK market much more difficult. Grocery retail in the UK Looking at sales channel distribution of the 185 billion British pound grocery market in 2017, the largest amount of sales was made by supermarkets with 88 billion pounds. Following at a distant second with less than half of these sales come convenience stores and at only 21 billion British pounds, the discounters took third place. Online grocery shopping Even though the UK is one of the leading countries for online grocery shopping, the channel only accounts for 10.7 billion in grocery sales. However, the online sales value has been continually growing for years and only recently fell under five percent growth for the first time since the start of 2013. 
 This statistic shows the Minnesota Twins all-time hits leaders as of October 11, 2019. Sam Rice has the most hits in Minnesota Twins franchise history with 2,889 hits. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to around 5.5 billion U.S. dollars. The Dallas Cowboys are owned by Jerry Jones who bought the franchise for 150 million U.S. dollars in 1989. 
 The statistic shows the number of rail accidents and incidents in the United States in 2011, by state. In that year, most rail accidents and incidents occurred in New York - a total of 1,182. In Hawaii, no rail accidents and incidents occurred in 2011. 
 The statistic shows the sales of the luxury goods industry in China in 2010 and a forecast for the years until 2020. According to CLSA Asia-Pacific Market, luxury sales revenue in China will amount to 28 billion euros in 2015. 
 This statistic presents the online shopping frequency of internet users in the United States as of March 2017. During the most recent survey period, 29 percent of respondents stated they purchased goods online at least once a week. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Sweden from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 87.43 percent of Sweden's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 Adults in the United States plan on spending an average of 81 U.S. dollars on Super Bowl Sunday, with food and beverage purchases the most common among those who plan on watching the game. Football fans spend billions More than 50 percent of adults in the United States did not plan on throwing or attending a Super Bowl party in 2019. In spite of this, the total planned Super Bowl spending in the United States was estimated to be around 15 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. The game itself – won by the New England Patriots – was watched by a TV audience of around 98 million viewers. Gambling in the United States The Super Bowl also attracts interest from those wishing to make some money – sportsbooks in the state of Nevada took nearly 146 million U.S. dollars in Super Bowl wagers in 2019. Until recently, Nevada was the only state to permit a wide variety of legal sports betting, but the Supreme Court overturned a federal law in 2018, and sports betting is now legal in many states. 
 The statistic shows the 15 countries with the highest political instability in the period 2009/2010. With an index value of 8.8 Zimbabwe was the country with the world's largest political instability in 2009/2010. 
 In 2019, Mexico produced 351.7 million liters of tequila. In that year, 70 percent of that production was destined to exports . Tequila is made from the agave plant. The two basic categories include '100 % agave' and 'Mixtos'. The first category '100 % agave' includes tequila made from 100 percent blue agave, whereas the category 'Mixtos' is a blended variety with sugar. 
 This statistic represents passenger vehicle sales in Hong Kong from 2006 through 2016. In 2016, about 41,600 passenger cars were sold in Hong Kong. Worldwide, car sales was forecasted to amount to around 78.7 million in 2019. 
 The statistic depicts the net income of the Bank of America from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the net income of the Bank of America amounted to approximately 28.15 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the fastest growing online populations based on relative year-on-year user growth as of January 2020. During the measured period, it was found that online audiences in the Republic of the Congo grew 126 percent in total. 
 The Bahamas and Puerto Rico were the countries with the highest gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Latin America and the Caribbean as of 2018. The average GDP generated per person in the Bahamas amounted to almost 31,900 U.S. dollars in 2017 (latest year with available data), whereas the average wealth created per capita in Puerto Rico was estimated at around 31,700 U.S. dollars in 2018. In that same year, this region's lowest GDP per capita was that of Haiti, at nearly 870 U.S. dollars. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is an important indicator to measure the economic strength of a country and the average wealth of its population. 
 In the period 2018/19, 10.6 percent of pregnant women in England smoked at the time of delivery. The share of pregnant women smoking has decreased since 2006 when almost sixteen percent of pregnant women did so. Smoking during pregnancy can lead to many birth complications, so it is advised that the expecting mother quits smoking for the health of the baby. Situation north of the border In comparison with England, Scotland’s share of pregnant women smoking has been declining, although the prevalence remains higher than those in England. In 2018, 14.4 percent of pregnant women in Scotland smoked during pregnancy, in the year 2000 this share was at almost 27 percent. Younger mothers more likely to smoke In both England and Scotland, the prevalence of pregnant smokers increases down the age groups. In England, 31.2 percent of mothers under 20 smoked while pregnant in 2017/18. While in Scotland in the same year, 34.3 percent of teenage mothers smoked when pregnant. 
 In 2019, the urban population in Vietnam stood at approximately 35.69 million people. Vietnam's population was forecasted to reach about 97.34 million in 2020. 
 This statistic shows the ten largest cities in France as of 2013. In 2013, around 2.23 million people lived in Paris, making it the largest city in France. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Chicago Blackhawks from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Chicago Blackhawks amounted to 208 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 The statistic gives an overview of American crowdfunding platform Kickstarter as of October 2019. As of that time, the number of launched projects on Kickstarter amounted to 461,628, with the success rate among these projects amounting to 37.3 percent. 
 The time series shows the gross merchandise sales value (GMS) of cashback website Ebates from the fourth quarter of 2014 to the first quarter of 2019. During the last reported period, Ebates' GMS amounted to 2.69 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Ghana from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 56.06 percent of Ghana's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the total amount of nickel mined in Indonesia from 2006 to 2019. In 2006, some 157 thousand metric tons of nickel were mined across the country. Since then, this figure increased to some 800 thousand in 2019. 
 This statistic shows Square's gross payment volume (GPV) from 2012 to 2019. In the most recent fiscal period, the company's gross payment volume amounted to 106.24 billion U.S. dollars, up from 84.65 billion in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Lebanon from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Lebanon was at approximately 6.2 percent. 
 This statistic presents the development of total assets of JPMorgan Chase from 2006 to 2018. The total assets of JPMorgan Chase increased from approximately 1.35 trillion U.S. dollars in 2006 to approximately 2.62 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic displays the share of internet users in selected countries visiting social networking sites as of January 2020. Based on a comparison of the number of active accounts on the top social network in each country to the population, South Korea ranked third with a social media usage penetration of 87 percent. Social media usage has also become increasingly mobile, in large part thanks to social apps. As of October 2019, WhatsApp was one of the most popular mobile messenger app worldwide with over 1.6 billion monthly active users. As of January 2020, the mobile social media penetration in Asian countries was high due to mobile-first connectivity in these markets. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Arizona Diamondbacks from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Arizona Diamondbacks was 26,364. • Arizona Diamondbacks total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows Square's gross payment volume (GPV) from 2012 to 2019. In the most recent fiscal period, the company's gross payment volume amounted to 106.24 billion U.S. dollars, up from 84.65 billion in 2018. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration rate in Singapore from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 84 percent of the Singaporean population were using the internet. In 2023, this figure is projected to grow to 97 percent. 
 The total number of live births fluctuated in the past years in Denmark. Since 2013, the number of live births increased generally. As of 2018, there were approximately 61.5 thousand live births registered. Among them, most of newborn babies were boys, reaching a number of roughly 31.6 thousand. The number of live female births remained stable from 2016 to 2018, at around 29.9 thousand girls. Age of women giving birth In the period from 2008 to 2018, the average age of Danish women giving birth increased slightly. In 2008, it was 30.8 years, while it reached 31 years in 2018. It is due to women focusing on building a successful career first before becoming a mother. However, mothers can take paid leave to care for their baby without having to quit their job in Denmark. Stillborn children The number of babies that died during the pregnancy or during the birth was lowest in 2015 in Denmark. In the following two years, the number of stillborn children increased again, amounting to 256 stillbirths. 
 This statistic presents the total contribution of travel and tourism to GDP in Turkey from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. Over this period, the contribution of the travel and tourism industry to GDP in Turkey increased, reaching around 359 billion Turkish liras in 2017. 
 This statistic provides data on advertising expenditure in Vietnam from 2004 to 2013 as well as estimates/forecasts until 2018. In 2016, ad expenditure in Vietnam was estimated at 1.22 billion U.S. dollars. Furthermore, the source predicts ad spend in the country to grow to approximately 1.46 billion U.S. dollars by 2018. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey in which U.S. consumers were asked how frequently they purchase soda. Some 32.2 percent of respondents stated that they purchase soda a few times per month, while 25.8 percent of respondents reportedly purchase soda a few times per week. 
 In 2018, there were 100 amphetamine-related deaths in England and Wales. Although this is a slight decrease from the preceding year, the number of deaths as a result of amphetamine use has sharply increased in recent years. The number of deaths remained around 50 a year before jumping to 85 mortalities in 2014. Offences involving the drug In the European Union in 2016, over 6.2 thousand kilograms of amphetamines were seized by police forces. Germany had the highest weight of amphetamines seized in this year with approximately 1.5 thousand kilograms, the United Kingdom followed with the second-most quantity seized at 1.4 thousand kilograms. Use of amphetamines among the population The use of amphetamines among the general population is fairly low when the total share is displayed. The prevalence of use in the United Kingdom was 0.5 percent in 2016, in comparison to other EU nation’s use this ranks around mid-table. The highest prevalence of users is among those aged under 24 years and decreases through the age groups. 
 The statistic shows the loan-to-deposit ratio in the global bank industry as of October 2011. If the granted loans amount to more than 100 percent in relation to customer deposits at the banks, the deposits are not sufficient for a refinancing of the loans. Thus, the banks depend on other means of refinancing. At the point these data were collected, the loan-deposit-ratio in China was at 60.6 percent. 
 The statistic shows the number of Toyota Motor Corporation employees from the fiscal year of 2012 to the fiscal year of 2019. Toyota employed some 370,870 people in the 2019 fiscal year. The Toyota Motor Corporation is ranked among the largest automobile manufacturers in the world. Number of Toyota employees The Toyota Motor Corporation, a Japanese company headquartered in Toyota, Aichi, is one of the world’s leading car manufacturers. The company is responsible for some of the best-selling car models such as the Corolla or Camry. During the fiscal year ended March 2019, Toyota generated sales and revenue streams of around 30.2 trillion Japanese yen. Over half of all Toyota vehicles were sold in Japan or North America. Toyota sold more than 10.6 million vehicles in FY 2019. Its main competitors include the Renault-Nissan alliance, Volkswagen, and General Motors. The leading automotive manufacturer based on sales, Volkswagen, has more employees than Toyota: around 656,000 people worldwide in 2018. 
 The statistic shows data on the advertising revenue generated by Pandora Media, Inc. in the fiscal periods between February 2006 and December 2017. In the fiscal year which ended December 31, 2016, Pandora generated 1.07 billion U.S. dollars in advertising revenue, the first time that the revenue has exceeded one billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the San Francisco 49ers, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the San Francisco 49ers was 492 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Taiwan from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the unemployment rate in Taiwan was at approximately 3.71 percent. 
 This statistic presents the most popular social networks in Arab countries as of November 2014, based on reach. During the survey period it was found that 87 percent of social media users had a Facebook account. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Baltimore Ravens from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Baltimore Ravens was 70,627. 
 As of December 2019, buying a residential property in Rome cost on average 3.1 thousand euros per square meter. This figure represented a decrease compared to the previous years. In fact, the average price per square meter for residential properties in Rome has decreased steadily since December 2016, when it registered a value of 3.25 thousand euros. However, a more detailed look into the city’s real estate market showed that residential dwellings in the most affluent areas of the city can fetch up to eight thousand euros per square meter. Positive signals for the real estate market In general, lower prices seem to have attracted interest in the real estate market in the city. The number of residential property transactions in Rome has increased steadily since reporting the lowest value in 2013, when about 23.8 thousand transactions where registered. Not a city for investments Despite boasting lower prices when compared to Milan, Rome didn’t seem to be able to catch the interest of foreign investors. In 2018, the Italian capital could attract only 19 percent of the total foreign investments in the real estate sector in Italy. Moreover, in a list of the most popular cities in Italy for residential property purchase for investment Rome ranked last behind all major Italian cities. 
 The timeline illustrates the total US ton-miles of freight from 1990 to 2015 and gives a projection through 2045. In 2015, there were a total of 5.16 trillions of ton-miles of freight. The highest share of freight was moved by truck. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Cleveland Indians from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Cleveland Indians was 22,008. • Cleveland Indians total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the total population of Nigeria from 2014 to 2024. All figures have been estimated. In 2018, the total population of Nigeria amounted to approximately 195.88 million inhabitants. 
 The statistic presents the net profit/loss of Sega Sammy Holdings from fiscal years 2010 to 2019. In the last fiscal year that ended March 31, 2019, Sega Sammy reported a profit of 2.6 billion Japanese yen. 
 Sponsorship spending on the National Football League (NFL) and its teams has increased annually since 2010, reaching 1.39 billion U.S. dollars worldwide during the 2018 season. Nike is one of the league’s main sponsors, providing uniform and apparel to all 32 NFL teams since 2012 – the two parties agreed a long-term extension to their rights partnership in 2018. Why are sponsorship deals worth so much? Sponsors are prepared to spend large amounts of money to get their brand displayed on big screens and pitch-side hoardings in stadiums across the NFL. Attracting the attention of supporters within the stadiums is one aim, but the primary motive for the investment is to have the brand exposed to the millions of TV viewers worldwide – the average television viewership of an NFL regular-season game in the United States during the 2018 season was around 16 million. Sports sponsorship across the U.S. The NFL is by far the most popular sport in terms of TV viewership in the United States: NFL games accounted for around 75 percent of the top 25 most-watched sporting events in the United States in 2018. It is no surprise, then, that the NFL generates more money from sponsorship deals than both the National Basketball Association (NBA) and Major League Baseball (MLB). Figures for the NBA increased significantly during the 2017-2018 season as it began allowing shirt sponsorship for the first time. 
 The statistic shows New Orleans Saints players with the most rushing yards in franchise history. Deuce McAllister is the career rushing leader of the New Orleans Saints with 6,096 yards. 
 This statistic represents the number of Continental AG employees from the fiscal year of 1999 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the German automotive supplier employed some 243,200 people. Continental's key products include automotive electronics components and tires; the company is ranked among the world's largest tire manufacturers. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual household food expenditure in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the average U.S. household food expenditure amounted to approximately 7,923 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, international visitor spending in Paris amounted to 14.06 billion U.S. dollars, up from 13.05 billion the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the total sugar beet production worldwide from 1965 to 2018. In 2017, about 301 million metric tons of sugar beet were produced worldwide. 
 The statistic shows the 20 countries with the largest gross domestic product (GDP) in 2019. In 2019, Turkey ranked 19th with an estimated GDP of about 743.71 billion U.S. dollars. Global gross domestic product Global gross domestic product (GDP) amounts to almost 75 trillion U.S. dollars, with the United States making up more than 18 percent of it alone. Interestingly enough, China, one of the BRIC-states, is following closely. The BRIC- states (Brazil, Russia, India and China) are the four major emerging countries (click here for further information). It is also estimated that China will report the highest GDP in 2030, thus replacing the United States at the top. The gross domestic product of a country is calculated by taking spending and trade into account, to show how much the country can produce in a certain amount of time, usually per year. It represents the value of all goods and services produced during that year. Both industrialized and emerging countries account for approximately 50 percent of global gross domestic product each. 
 Season 8 of HBO’s ‘Game of Thrones’ was its deadliest season of all time, with a total of around 3,523 deaths compared to just 59 in the first season. Season 8, the show’s final season, accounted for significantly more deaths than the first seven seasons combined.The deadliest location in the Game of Thrones series was ‘Winterfell’, which hosted one of the show’s final battles. Game of Thrones ‘Game of Thrones’ is arguably one of the most successful television shows of all time, with millions of viewers from around the world tuning in to view each of its eight seasons and dozens of Primetime Emmy Awards recognizing its success. The HBO fantasy series, which wrapped up on May 19, 2019, is also among the world’s most expensive shows in terms of production costs, which often afforded the kind of impressive visual effects and detailed cinematography usually reserved for major motion pictures. A Song of Ice and Fire ‘Game of Thrones’ is based on a book series titled “A Song of Ice and Fire” written by George R.R. Martin. A massive success in its own right, the book series has been read in its entirety by around eight percent of all U.S. based adults. Although the television show has finished, Martin has finished just five of the seven books which are planned for the series. The success of the original Game of Thrones television show has led to speculation that Martin’s world may soon spawn a variety of spin-off shows and movies drawing from the author’s additional work. 
 In 2019, Icy Hot was the country's top selling external analgesic rub brand with sales that amounted to about 155.9 million U.S. dollars. Ranking second, Salonpas generated sales of up to 121.3 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Denver Broncos, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Denver Broncos was 446 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows U.S. user satisfaction with the customer service of Amazon as of March 2017. As of the Statista survey, 67 percent of responding Amazon users in the United States were very satisfied with the customer service of the online company. 
 This statistic shows the estimated total market size for personalized medicine worldwide from 2015 to 2024, measured in billion U.S. dollars. In 2015, the personalized medicine market was valued at around 1.26 trillion U.S. dollars in total worldwide. 
 The total number of unsuccessfully funded projects on the U.S. crowdfunding platform Kickstarter amounted to 291,825 up to December 11, 2019. The number of projects that were 0 percent funded was 55,488 up to this point. Crowdfunding failure Putting yourself, your ideas and your projects out into the world and subjecting them to the possibility of public scrutiny is not the easiest pill to swallow for a lot of people, and failure can be hard to accept. The over hundred thousand of unsuccessfully funded projects on US crowdfunding platform Kickstarter are no exception to the crowdfunding industry. Many crowdfunders fail to get the backing they require from investors but that isn’t to say that there aren’t a lot of successfully funded projects emerging from the crowdfunding arena. The concept of crowdfunding is growing all over the world, as is the growth in the number of platforms on which entrepreneurs can get their ideas funded. When embarking upon a crowdfunding campaign, it is important to have a solid plan in place. As failure of a campaign by not reaching the financial goal can go some way to changing the public perception of the project, business and online-reputation of the company before it even has a chance to get off the ground. However, with the economic climate the way it is, crowdfunding has been widely praised as a good alternative to the conventional methods such as lending from banks or finding accredited investments. 
 No case of coronavirus (COVID-19) was confirmed in Poland as of February 27, 2020. Nevertheless, more than 60 percent of the society believes that Poland is not prepared for a possible virus epidemic. 
 The timeline shows the passenger car production of BMW worldwide from 1999 to 2014. In 2014, BMW produced around 2.17 million passenger cars worldwide. BMW is ranked among the 15 largest automakers worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in Florida from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in Florida amounted to 54,644 U.S. dollars. 
 The graph shows China's gross domestic product (GDP) until 2018, with IMF forecasts until 2024. In 2018, GDP in China was around 13.41 trillion U.S. dollars. That particular year, per capita GDP in China reached about 9,608 U.S. dollars. In comparison to the GDP of the other BRIC countries India, Russia and Brazil, China came first that year and second in the world GDP ranking. See the Russian GDP for comparison. Gross domestic product in China – additional information Gross domestic product (GDP) is a primary economic indicator. It measures the total value of all goods and services produced in an economy over a certain time period. According to the projections at hand, the Chinese economy will maintain a steady growth momentum. Even though the growth rate of China’s real GDP was expected to slow down from 2010, year-on-year GDP growth is still forecast to reach an impressive 6.5 percent by 2019. Since 2010, China has been the world’s second-largest economy, surpassing Japan. China’s emergence in the world’s economy has a lot to do with its status as the ‘world’s factory’. In 2013, China was the largest export country in the world. Some argue that it is partly due to the undervalued Chinese currency. The Big Mac Index, a simplified and informal way to measure the purchasing power parity between different currencies, indicates that the Chinese currency yuan was undervalued by 41 percent in January 2014. Although the impressive economic development in China has led millions of people out of poverty, China is still not in the league of industrialized countries on the per capita basis. To name one example, the U.S. per capita economic output was seven times as large as China in 2014. Meanwhile, the Chinese society faces increased income disparities. The Gini coefficient of China, a widely used indicator of economic inequality, has been larger than 0.45 over the last decade, whereas 0.40 is the warning level for social unrest. 
 This statistic shows the economic damage caused by earthquakes to countries between 1900 and 2016. Between 1900 and 2016, Japan suffered about 360 billion U.S. dollars worth of damage as a result of earthquakes. 
 This statistic shows the life expectancy of men in London from 1991-1993 to 2014-2016. There was a steady increase over this period, totaling 7.1 years. In 2014-2016, the life expectancy at birth of a male in London was of 80.4 years. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Cambodia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Cambodia was 1.02 percent. 
 This is an annual report of the total retail sales of all shopping malls in the United States. In 1986, total retail sales of shopping malls operating within the United States amounted to around 556.47 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the share of female police officers as a percentage of total police officers in selected countries for 2012. In 2012, around 29 percent of all police officers in Sweden were female. 
 The statistic above shows Pandora's net results in the fiscal periods from February 2006 to December 2017. In fiscal year which ended December 31, 2014, Pandora lost 30.41 million U.S. dollars. Here you can find Pandora's quarterly net results. 
 This statistic shows the palm oil consumption worldwide from 2015/2016 to 2019/2020. In 2018/2019, the palm oil usage amounted to over 2.5 million metric tons worldwide. 
 The statistic lists the 20 countries with the lowest inflation rate in 2019. In 2019, Eritrea ranked 1st with a negative inflation rate of about 27.6 percent compared to the previous year. Inflation rates and the financial crisis Due to relatively stagnant worker wages as well as a hesitation from banks to so easily distribute loans to the ordinary citizen, inflation has remained considerably low. Low inflation rates are most apparent in European countries, which stems from the on-going Eurozone debt crisis as well as from the global financial crisis of 2008. With continuous economical struggles and a currently sensitive economic situation throughout Europe, precautions were taken in order to maintain stability and to prevent consequential breakdowns, such as those in Greece and Spain. Additionally, the average European consumer had to endure financial setbacks, causing doubt in the general future of the entire European Union, as evident in the consumer confidence statistics, which in turn raised the question, if several handpicked countries should step out of the EU in order to improve its economic position. Greece, while perhaps experiencing the largest economic drought out of all European countries, improved on its inflation rate. The situation within the country is slowly improving itself as a result of a recent bailout as well as economic stimulus packages issued by the European Union. Furthermore, the Greek government managed its revenues and expenses more competently in comparison to the prime of the global and the Greek financial crisis, with annual expenses only slightly exceeding yearly revenues. 
 The meningitis death rate in Canada has remained relatively stable since 2000, with some yearly changes. According to the data, the death rate dropped from 0.2 per 100,000 population in 2011 to 0.1 in 2012. The same drop occurred in 2014 and 2015. Meningitis occurs when there is an inflammation of the meninges, the membrane that surrounds the brain and spinal cord. Meningitis overview There are two types of meningitis, bacterial and viral. However, other forms of meningitis can occur from fungal infections, cancers and allergic reactions. There is a vaccination against bacterial meningitis that is available in most countries, but vaccination coverage varies. In the U.S., for example, over 83 percent of adolescents have received a vaccination. Trends indicate that elsewhere in the world meningitis vaccination is improving. In China, the meningitis vaccination Global meningitis and vaccination Meningitis occurs worldwide and in many low and middle-income countries meningitis remains a serious public health concern. Within Africa the death rate from meningitis among adolescents is even higher than the death rates for HIV/AIDS and road injuries. However, within higher income countries, death rates from meningitis have decreased. Spain, for example, has seen a decrease in the number of annual deaths associated with meningitis from 2006 to 2017. Within Europe, France saw the highest number of deaths from meningococcal disease in 2017, followed by the United Kingdom and Poland. 
 For the second consecutive year, Domino’s Pizza received an American Customer Satisfaction Index score of 79 in 2019. In the survey of limited-service restaurants across the United States, Domino’s Pizza was ranked behind pizza chain competitors Pizza Hut and Papa John’s. Domino’s falls behind in customer service In the United States, Domino’s Pizza was the pizza chain with the most retail sales in 2018, but there is room for improvement in terms of the customer service the company offers. A further survey from April 2018 ranked Domino’s Pizza as the joint-fourth favorite pizza chain of consumers in the United States – the company failed to make the top three in each of the eight customer service categories, which included food quality, staff friendliness, and speed of service. What is considered a limited-service restaurant? The partial service provided in limited-service restaurants means that customers are expected to play their part in the dining experience: ordering the food themselves, paying for the meal before it is eaten, and taking the food away to either eat on or off the premises. In 2018, around 70 percent of the food ordered at limited-service restaurants in the United States was eaten off-premises. Pizza restaurants accounted for around 14 percent of limited-service restaurants in the United States in 2018. 
Football is not only the most popular sport to watch and spectate in the United Kingdom (UK) and England but also the most popular team sport to participate in, with roughly 2.1 million people in England playing at least twice per month. 44.7 percent of 11 to 15 year old and 31.4 percent of 5 to 10 year old children play football on a monthly basis. Football nation Being home to not only the biggest football league but the biggest and most successful sports league in the world, the Premier League, England has many football fans who support the sport with famous clubs such as Manchester United, Liverpool FC, Arsenal FC or Manchester City. Champions League Some of these top tier clubs compete in the UEFA Champions League with other high division teams, primarily from the other ’Big Five’ football leagues in Europe, Germany, Spain, Italy and France. In 2018/19, Liverpool came out as the victor, winning their sixth Champions League title that season. 
 This statistic shows the number of visitors to the Centre Pompidou in Paris from 2007 to 2013. There were approximately 3.75 million visitors to the Centre Pompidou in Paris in 2013, down from 3.8 million in 2012. 
 The country with the most Nobel Prize winners in Literature is France, with 15 individuals having won the award since 1901, when French poet and essayist Sully Prudhomme became the first ever winner of the award. Jean-Paul Sartre was also given the prize in 1964 but voluntarily declined it. Literature – additional information The Nobel Prize in Literature is one of the five Nobel Prizes announced each year in early October. The other prizes ate the Nobel Prize in Chemistry, Nobel Prize in Physics, Nobel Peace Prize and the Nobel Prize in Physiology and Medicine. The Prize in Literature is awarded to an author who has created ‘in the field of literature the most outstanding work in ideal direction.’ In a report on the number of new books and editions published in the United States in the ‘literature’ category from 2002 to 2013, the figures seemed to peak in 2009 whereby 11,456 new books were published. In 2012, the figure for new literature had dropped to 7,004 for the whole of the United States. The time necessary to read selected bestsellers was determined through a survey in 2014. In order to read the series “A Song of Ice and Fire” by George R.R. Martin, from cover to cover, it was estimated that a reader would need 98.33 hours. For readers with less time on their hands however, “The Alchemist” by Paulo Coelho would only take up 2.18 hours. But, as the American philosopher Mortimer J. Adler once said, “In the case of good books, the point is not to see how many of them you can get through, but rather how many can get through to you.” 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Pittsburgh Penguins from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Pittsburgh Penguins amounted to 184 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic displays the number of cigarettes smoked per day in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2015. Approximately 69 percent of respondents smoked between one and 15 cigarettes daily in that year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Malta from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Malta amounted to about 1.74 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the population density in Japan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the density of Japan's population amounted to 347.07 inhabitants per square kilometer. 
 In 2019, 135,500 people worked for Verizon as employees. The vast majority (just under 130 thousand) of Verizon’s employees are located in the United States. Workforce changes and future Even though Verizon is mostly active in the United States, the company provides products and services in more than 150 countries. About thirty percent of that international workforce was female in 2018. The number of employees has been decreasing recently; in 2018, the company stated that it would reduce its workforce in order to better position itself for future growth. According to Verizon, the reasons for the recent cutback include reducing costs (such as employee benefits- and pension plan contributions) and preparing for 5G technology. The largescale workforce reduction was achieved by offering employees who volunteered to leave compensation and other benefits. Verizon in the telco industry Verizon is one of the largest U.S. telecom companies, alongside AT&T. Each of the companies owns about a third of the wireless subscription market in the United States and they were both by far the most valuable telecom brands worldwide in 2019. 
 In 2017, just over 150,000 people passed away in the Netherlands. The most common causes of death were neoplasms, diseases of the circulatory system as well as diseases of the respiratory system. By comparison, fatal diseases of the skin and complications of pregnancy and childbirth were not very common. Differences between men and women The two most important causes of death in the Netherlands were the same for both genders, although neoplasms were more common among men, and diseases of the circulatory system were more common among women. Some causes of death were more common among a certain gender though. For example, nearly twice as many women as men died from musculoskeletal diseases (742, vs. 385) Comparison with neighboring Belgium In neighboring country Belgium, the most common causes of death were also cardiovascular diseases and neoplasms. In Belgium, nearly 28,600 people died of neoplasms in 2016, the most recent available year. In the Netherlands, this was the cause of death of just over 46,500 people. 
 This statistic presents the online shopping frequency according to online shoppers worldwide as of October 2018. During the survey period, 20 percent of online shoppers worldwide stated that they purchased physical goods online on a weekly basis. 
 This statistic shows the results of a representative Statista survey conducted in 2016 about the most popular TV shows in Germany. That year, The Big Bang Theory was the most popular TV show, according to 24 percent of respondents, followed by Two and a Half Men (20 percent) and Game of Thrones (18 percent). The most popular German TV show is the crime series Tatort (11 percent). 
 In 2018, BlackRock was the largest securities company in the United States by revenue. Its revenue was 14.2 billion U.S. dollars that year, over 3.2 billion U.S. dollars more than second-place Charles Schwab. U.S. securities industry The securities industry in the United States has the advantage of its proximity to Wall Street, home to the largest stock exchanges in the world. In New York City alone, the value of bonuses paid to security industry employees amounts to billions of U.S. dollars. Operating in this city gives analysts the opportunity to network with other experts in the field and create effective business networks. Market demand BlackRock and Charles Schwab each manage trillions of dollars in assets. They employ investment advisors to meet the wealth management demands from firms and private clients. Whether these clients are looking for high-return investments or saving for retirement, they rely on securities companies to manage their transactions and give them access to financial markets. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Romania from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Romania was at approximately 4.16 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Latvia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Latvia had amounted to about 2.55 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The population of Italy is getting older every year. In 2019, the average age of the Italian population was 45.4 years, about two years more than the average age registered in 2011. However, the age differs significantly depending on the region. According to the average age estimated for 2020, the “oldest” inhabitants of the Italian peninsula live in the region of Liguria (average age 49.1 years), whereas the youngest inhabited Campania (43 years on average). Women live longer than men The difference in the average age of the population can be observed not only on a regional basis, but also between genders. In 2017, Italian women were on average roughly three years older than men. When it comes to the life expectancy, studies confirm the longevity of Italian women - females in Italy are expected to live on average five years longer than men. The Old Continent In 2019, Europe was the continent with the highest share of population older than 65 years. Whereas the worldwide percentage of population over 65 years was of nine percent, the percentage of elderly people in the Old Continent reached about 18 percent. 
 This statistic shows the development of Alaska's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the real GDP of Alaska was about 52.31 billion U.S. dollars. 
How many police officers are there in the U.S.? In 2018, there were 686,665 full-time law enforcement officers employed in the United States. The number of full-time law enforcement officers reached a peak in 2008 with 708,569 officers, and hit a low in 2013 with 626,942 officers. Employment in law enforcement According to the source, law enforcement officers are defined as those individuals who regularly carry a firearm and an official badge on their person, have full powers of arrest, and whose salaries are paid from federal funds set aside specifically for sworn law enforcement. Law enforcement, particularly when it comes to officers, is a male-dominated field. Law enforcement employees can either be officers or civilians, and federal law enforcement agencies cover a wide area of jurisdictions -- from the National Park Service to the FBI. Police in the United States The police in the United States have come under fire over the past few years for accusations of use of unnecessary force and for the number of people who are shot to death by police in the U.S. Police officers in the United States are regularly armed, and in comparison, 19 countries, including Iceland, New Zealand, and Ireland, do not regularly arm their police forces. 
 This statistic illustrates the operating revenue of Frontier Airlines from 2004 to 2018. In 2018, the American regional airline generated total revenue to the value of over 2.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the change in the amount of average savings of people in the United Kingdom between 2012 and 2014. Average savings do not include groups with high savings (12 percent of the population, starting at 50,000 British pounds in savings and over). In 2012, the average amount people held in savings was 9,800 British pounds. 
 In September 2019, Škoda around 9,200 cars in the United Kingdom. Although that month was saw an increase compared to 2018, September sales have been dropping over the past four years. March and September often recorded higher sales as those were the months when the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency issued new registration plates. Lesser sales output in the latter half of 2018 was mainly due to the Czech manufacturer struggling with production capacity limits. Registration figuresŠkoda Fabia was the most common Škoda model found on British roads. As of the third quarter of 2018, 253,321 units had been registered in the country, with annual figures having grown consecutively. Also popular was the Škoda Octavia, which had seen its number climb to 214,502 units in the same time period. Global salesWorldwide sales of the Czech automobile brand reached their peak in the company’s 2018 fiscal year, amounting to approximately 957,000 units. This was an increase of more than 24 percent since the beginning of the reporting period in 2012. 
 This graph shows the number of households in the U.S. by age of householder in 2015. In 2015, about 10.73 million households were led by a person between 30 and 34 years old. 
 This graph shows the growth in the U.S. import volume of trade goods from Russia from 1992 to 2019. In 2019, U.S. imports from Russia amounted to approximately 22.28 billion U.S. dollars. Russia Russia's foreign trade balance of goods generated a surplus of about 187 billion U.S. dollars, with more resulting from exports than imports in 2014. Russia exported trade goods valued about 353 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. In a global ranking of national exports, Russia was sixteenth. Leading exporters like China, the United States, and Germany are exporting goods worth between 1.5 and 2.5 trillion U.S. dollars. The placement of Russia’s export ranking is linear with its placement on the ranking of the biggest economies in the world. Russia had the eleventh largest GDP worldwide with about 1.6 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. Russia's most important export countries are mostly its direct neighbors, like China, Ukraine, Belarus, Poland, and Kazakhstan. About 35 percent of all exports go to neighboring countries. China is the most important country within the aforementioned nations, which takes about 8 percent of Russia's exported goods. The United States are not among the top ten. The nation sits in twelfth place of Russia's export destinations, with about three percent. The products exported from Russia are unsurprisingly mainly mineral products and metals, with crude and refined petroleum making up for 54 percent of all exports. The main export product apart from resources is wheat. Exported wheat from Russia was valued at about 6.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2012. Russia is one of the principal wheat exporters. Although the development of Russia's exports has been somewhat positive in recent years, the political crisis with the Ukraine, resulting in economic sanctions applied by important trade countries like Germany, the EU, the United States and many others, might have dampened foreign trade altogether. The result was a negative growth in exports of about five percent in 2014. 
 The statistic shows the revenue Manchester City generated from its jersey sponsorship deal from the 2009/10 season to the 2019/20 season. In the 2019/20 season, Manchester City received 45 million GBP from its jersey sponsor Etihad. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Oman from 2014 to 2024*. In 2018, Oman's real gross domestic product increased by around 1.76 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of leading FMCG brands on Instagram as of December 2017, based on the number of followers. As of the survey period, Red Bull ranked third with 8 million followers. Too Faced Cosmetics was ranked first with 9.6 million followers. 
 This statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) of the Arab world in 2018. In 2018, GDP of Algeria amounted to approximately 173.76 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019, the average annual premium of car insurance in Italy amounted to roughly 350 euros. There were however large regional differences. For example, residents of Campania paid on average 529 euros a year, well above the national average. Other regions where the insurance premiums were higher than the national average were Tuscany and Lazio. Premiums for motorcycles were roughly a hundred euros cheaper. Car theft rates in the Italian provinces One of the factors that affect car insurance rates is the risk of theft. Naples, the regional capital of Campania, ranked fifth for the car theft rate in 2018. The incidence of car theft was highest in southern Italian cities: all the cities in the top ten were located in the South. Furthermore, in this macro-region, one of the factors contributing to pricier car insurance premiums was the poor quality of the road network. Road accident rates Another factor Italian insurance companies take into consideration when setting their car insurance prices is the rate of traffic accidents. The number of car accidents with injuries in Italy decreased steadily over the past years. As of 2018, the regions with the highest rate of fatal car accidents among young drivers were Liguria and Sardinia. 
 This statistic gives information on B2C e-commerce sales as percentage of the gross domestic product in the United States from 2009 to 2018. In 2013, B2C e-commerce accounted for 1.24 percent of the GDP in the United States. 
 Daimler AG reported net income of around 2.7 billion euros (or about three billion U.S. dollars) in 2019, a drop of almost five billion euros year-on-year. Daimler's earnings were hit by expenses related to recalls of diesel engine-equipped cars and vans. 
 This statistic shows the number of sentenced prisoners under federal jurisdiction in the U.S. in 2019, by citizenship. As of August 17, 2019, 1,620 prisoners in the United States were from Colombia. 
 This statistic shows the number of monthly active mobile social media users in European countries as of January 2018. During that month, 38 million users in France accessed online services via mobile device. First-ranked Russia accounted for 67.8 million mobile social network users. The United Kingdom was ranked second with 44 million mobile social media users. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Calgary Flames from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Calgary Flames amounted to 138 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Syria from 2000 to 2010. In 2010, the total population of Syria was at approximately 21.4 million inhabitants. The Syrian refugee crisis The war in Syria has been escalating since 2011, which has made it difficult to estimate the current population of the country. The population of the country was last determined to be over 21 million in 2010. Previously, population growth rates had been relatively high, but since the war, Syria has been experiencing the opposite, and now claims the highest rate of population decline in the world. Large numbers of Syrians have been fleeing the county and others have lost their lives due to the conflict within the country’s borders. As of October 2015, the total number of casualties had risen to over 250,000 - including around 116,000 civilians and about 13,000 children. This has caused more than 4 million people to flee the country, making it the worst refugee crisis of our generation. Still, millions more have also been internally displaced and the sheer scale of the crisis is evident. Neighboring counties have received large numbers of Syrian refugees, but the crisis is now being felt across Europe as thousands of refugees are risking their lives everyday migrating to Europe in search of a brighter future. European cooperation is needed and not all countries are meeting Europe’s migrant quota. 
 This timeline shows the number of employees of the adidas Group worldwide from 2000 to 2018. At the end of the 2015 fiscal year, the adidas Group had 55,555 employees worldwide.AdidasAdidas AG is the largest sportswear manufacturer in Europe and the second largest in the world. The Adidas Group's global net sales amounted to about 21.22 billion euros in 2017. In 2014, the North American region of the Adidas Group generated 19 percent of the company's retail net sales.The Adidas Group owns several sporting brands, including Reebok and Taylor Made. Reebok is seen as a cheaper and less of a premium brand. This allows Adidas to release any significant breakthroughs in research and development through the Reebok brand slightly behind the release through Adidas. As a result, they are able to do this cheaper than a lot of the competition.As well as sponsoring individual sports personalities like David Beckham and Damian Lillard, Adidas also sponsors major organizations such as FIFA and UEFA competitions, the NBA and the Olympics. By making these actions, Adidas increases their product awareness globally and raises its customer base; maintaining its appeal as one of the most valuable sports business brands in the world. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Manpower Group worldwide from 2006 to 20119. Global human resources consulting firm Manpower Group generated approximately 20.86 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2019. In 2018, Manpower ranked as the third largest staffing and temporary employment company in the world, behind the Swiss firm Adecco and Randstad. 
 The timeline presents the per capita consumption of fresh broccoli in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh broccoli amounted to approximately 5.9 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic depicts a forecast of the total global demand for potash fertilizer from 2014 to 2023. In 2023, the global demand for potash fertilizers is expected to reach some 45.7 million metric tons. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of tree nuts (shelled) in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The U.S. per capita consumption of tree nuts amounted to five pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic illustrates the distribution share of the U.S. shrimp import volume from major exporters in 2018. In that year, Indonesia accounted for a share of 19 percent of shrimp imports to the United States. 
 In crop year 2018/2019, Russia was forecasted to export 44.5 million metric tons of cereals. This was over eight million metric tons lower than the volume of Russia's cereal exports in the previous period. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Algeria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Algeria amounted to about 4.27 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the population density in the European Union from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the population density in the EU amounted to approximately 121.08 inhabitants per square kilometer. See the total EU population figures for more information. 
 In 2018, the average inflation rate in Egypt amounted to about 20.86 percent, a slight decrease compared to the previous year, when it peaked at 23.54 percent. Political unrest Egypt has been shaken by political unrest and turmoil for years now, and these events affect the economy as well. On January 25, 2011, Egyptians started protesting police brutality under then-president Hosni Mubarak, demanding an end to his reign. The protests were met with violence by armed forces, resulting in more unrest and looting. In the end, hundreds of Egyptians had lost their lives and over 6,000 were injured. After Mubarak’s subsequent resignation and the Muslim Brotherhood taking power in the country, Mohamed Morsi was elected President in 2012. He also was overthrown a year later after protests and was imprisoned. The current President, Abdel Fattah es-Sisi, was involved in overthrowing Morsi and took office in June 2014. Sisi introduced a number of economic reforms, but they did not succeed in stabilizing Egypt’s economy. Economic unrest 2017 saw the Egyptian inflation rate skyrocket from 10.2 percent in 2016 to more than double that at 23.5 percent. Ever since, inflation has recovered only slowly, although projections today see it levelling off below ten percent in the future. Around the same year, Egypt’s GDP dropped to below 240 billion U.S. dollars, a historical low. Unemployment, another key indicator, has steadily been between 12 to 13 percent - one reason for this is Egypt’s reliance on agriculture, which does not factor into the unemployment rate. National debt has also increased dramatically over the last few years. All in all, the times of economic unrest are not yet over. 
 Between 2014 and 2018, the annual number of crimes committed in the country decreased. In 2014, the number of crimes reported by the police to the judicial authority amounted to 2.8 million, whereas in 2018, this figure decreased to 2.4 million. Crime in ItalyIn 2017, the most common crime in Italy was theft – the police reported about 1.3 million delinquencies of this kind to the juridical authority. The three regions which registered the highest number of thefts were Lombardy, Lazio and Emilia-Romagna. Fiat Panda: the most frequently stolen passenger car in Italy Vehicle theft is another common crime in Italy, which in 2017 about 20 percent of Italians feared . In the year considered, the most frequently stolen passenger cars were the Fiat Panda, Fiat Punto and Fiat Cinquecento. 
 The statistic above presents the distribution of vinyl album sales in the United States in 2018, by genre. In 2018, rock vinyl album sales accounted for 41.7 percent of all vinyl album sales. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Egypt from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP). The figures refer to the whole country and include the debts of the state, the communities, the municipalities and the social insurances. In 2018, the national debt of Egypt amounted to approximately 92.65 percent of the GDP. 
 This statistic shows the average annual wages in Slovakia from 2000 to 2018. Over this period, the annual average rose by over 5 thousand euros, peaking at 13.8 thousand euros in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the gross sales of Mattel's Hot Wheels brand worldwide from 2016 to 2019. In 2019, Mattel's Hot Wheels brand generated gross sales amounting to 925.9 million U.S. dollars globally, up from 834 million U.S. dollars the previous year. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate of Hispanic or Latin Americans from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate of Hispanic or Latin Americans decreased to 4.3 percent from 12.5 percent in 2010. The overall national unemployment rate was 3.7 percent in 2019 and can be found here. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Hungary from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Hungarian population was 41.7 years. 
 Christian Dior SE, or simply known as Dior, is one of France’s most emblematic luxury goods company. As of December 2016, 26 percent of its revenue came from Asian countries (excluding Japan), seven percent of its revenue came from Japan, 26 percent from the United States, 19 percent from Europe (excluding France). France was responsible for 10 percent of its revenue and other markets such as South Africa, Brazil and countries from the Arabian Gulf accounted for 12 percent of its revenue. Bernard Arnault, Dior’s chairman is one of the world’s richest men and leading art collectors Dior’s chairman, Bernard Arnault figures among the richest men in the world. With total assets estimated at approximately 76 billion U.S. dollars, Arnault was the world’s fourth richest man and the richest man in Europe according to Forbes in 2019. He also participated transform the LMVH – a French luxury goods conglomerate formed by the fusion of Moët Hennessy and the French fashion house Louis Vuitton, into a major patron of arts in France. As LMVH’s CEO, Arnault is reportedly one of the seven wealthiest art collectors in France as of 2017. His private collection, often exposed together with pieces owned by the LMVH, includes pieces of art made by iconic painters such as Picasso and Andy Warhol. Both companies are under Arnault’s control but still show different performances At the end of the fiscal year 2015/2016, the Christian Dior SE reported a revenue of 21,436 million euros and a net profit estimated at 2,724 million euros, Dior’s revenue seemed to have decreased in comparison to 2014 and 2015. On the other hand, its subsidiary and apparent winning horse, the LMVH, has more than doubled its total revenue since 2009: 17,053 million in 2009 and 46,826 million of euros in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the annual wage and salary per full-time equivalent employee in the United States in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the average wage and salary per employee in the mining industry was at 106,279 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Costa Rica from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Costa Rica amounted to about 2.22 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, there were 153.07 million people registered to vote in the United States. Although this was an increase from 1996, when 127.66 million people were registered to vote, it’s lower than the peak of 157.6 million registered voters in 2016. Voting requirements While voting laws differ from state to state, the basic requirements are the same across the entire country. People are allowed to vote in elections in the United States if they are a U.S. citizen, meet their state’s residency requirements, are at least 18 years old before Election Day, and are registered to vote before the registration deadline. Vote early and often Generally, younger people are not registered to vote at the same rate as older individuals. Additionally, young people tend not to vote as much as older people, particularly in midterm elections. However, in the 2016 presidential election, a significant number of people across all age groups voted in the election, resulting in a high voter turnout. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Romania from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Romanian population was 41.3 years. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Afghanistan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Afghanistan was at about 47.9 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the percent share of gold as compared to the total central bank reserves of the countries with the largest gold holdings worldwide, as of the fourth quarter of 2018. At that point, the United States central bank kept nearly 75 percent of its total monetary holdings as gold reserves. 
 This statistic shows the leading trends in appetizers on restaurant menus in the United States as forecasted by professional chefs for 2016. During the survey, 59 percent of the respondents stated that house-cured meats/charcuterie was a "hot trend" for restaurant menus in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Serbia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Serbia amounted to about 1.96 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the projected residential solar PV market value in the United States from 2011 to 2016. In 2012, it is estimated that the residential solar PV industry will have a market value of around 2.3 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The home mortgage debt of households and nonprofit organizations amounted to approximately 10.52 trillion U.S. dollars in the third quarter of 2019. Home mortgage sector in the United States Home mortgage sector debt in the United States has been steadily falling in recent years and is beginning to come out of a period of great difficulty and problems presented to it by the economic crisis of 2008. For the previous generations in the United States the real estate market was quite stable. Financial institutions were extending credit to millions of families and allowed them to achieve ownership of their own homes. The growth of the subprime mortgages and, which went some way to contributing to the record of the highest US homeownership rate since records began, meant that many families deemed to be not quite creditworthy were provided the opportunity to purchase homes. The rate of home mortgage sector debt rose in the United States as a direct result of the less stringent controls that resulted from the vetted and extended terms from which loans originated. There was a great deal more liquidity in the market which allowed greater access to new mortgages. The practice of packaging mortgages into securities, and their subsequent sale into the secondary market as a way of shifting risk, was to be a major factor in the formation of the American housing bubble, one of the greatest contributing factors to the global financial meltdown of 2008. 
 This statistic shows the average retail price of rabbit meat in France from 2008 to 2015, in euros per kilo. According to the source, the average retail price of rabbit meat increased every year during this period of time, reaching 9.31 euros per kilo in 2015. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Sub-Saharan Africa from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, aggregated GDP per capita in Sub-Saharan Africa amounted to around 4,097.85 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the distribution of oil demand in the OECD as of 2017, broken down by sector. In 2017, approximately 50 percent of the OECD's demand for oil was attributable to the road transportation sector. 
 This statistic presents the number of employees at S&P Global from 2012 to 2019. In 2019, S&P Global, formerly McGraw-Hill Financial, employed approximately 23,000 persons. 
 This statistic shows the share of disposable income spent on food consumed in 2013, broken down by selected countries. U.S. consumers spent 6.7 percent of their disposable income on food at home, compared to a food expenditure share of 48.1 percent in Pakistan. 
 This statistic shows the amount of tobacco produced in the U.S. from 2000 to 2019. In 2018, more than 533 million pounds of tobacco were produced in the United States. China was the largest tobacco producer worldwide in 2018. 
 This statistic shows Weatherford International's total revenue between 2007 and 2018. Weatherford International Oil Field Services Ltd is one of the world's largest international oil and natural gas service companies. In 2018, the company brought in a total revenue of around 5.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Colorado Rockies games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 27.29 U.S. dollars. 
 The fertility rate in Sweden reached the lowest point in a ten-year period in 2019, when it was down to 1.7 children per woman. The fertility rate is defined as the number of children that would be born or are likely to be born to a woman if she lives to the end of her reproductive years. A similar decline was visible for the crude birth rate, which in 2019 was down at the lowest point since many years. More immigrants than emigrants Despite that the fertility rate and the crude birth rate in Sweden are at their lowest points, and have been declining for years, the population in Sweden continues to grow. More babies are born each year than people dying, which is a factor to a still growing population. The major reason behind a continued population growth though is the positive inflow of immigrants. Few Swedish citizens are leaving the country, while many more migrants are arriving to Sweden. The number of babies born is increasing Since the population is growing, the number of women in reproductive age are too, which may be a contributing a factor to more childbirths. The number of babies born over time is quite stable in Sweden, and around 115 thousand babies were born in 2019. 
 The statistic shows the distribution of game developers worldwide in 2017, broken down by region. According to the survey findings, the majority of responding game developers were located in North America, while 22 percent resided in Asia. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Philadelphia Phillies from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 341 million U.S. dollars.The Phialdelphia Phillies are owned by John Middleton and the Buck Family, who bought the team for 30 million U.S. dollars in 1981. 
 With a market value of 961.3 billion U.S. dollars, Apple led the ranking of the world’s largest companies in 2018. Some of the most recognizable companies in the world, Amazon, Alphabet (Google), Microsoft, and Facebook followed closely behind, rounding out the top five. Apple also led the way in 2018 as the world's most profitable company, with a net income of 59.4 billion U.S. dollars. Determining value Market value and market capitalization are two terms frequently heard when discussing the profitability and viability of companies. Put simply, market capitalization, or market cap, is the worth of a company based on stock price; an important metric when determining value for potential trading opportunities. Market value, however, is what a company is worth in a much broader context and can change greatly depending on the business cycle. It is determined by multiple factors, including stockholder equity, corporate debt, and the market environment as a whole. The world’s top companies In fiscal year 2018, Apple’s global revenue stood at 265.6 billion U.S. dollars, but somewhat surprisingly, did not manage to crack the top ten of companies with the largest revenue. The American multinational retailer Walmart led the way as the largest company in the world when considering revenue and employment. 
 The statistic shows the 20 countries with the largest gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in 2019. In 2019, Germany ranked 18th with an estimated GDP of about 46,563.99 U.S. dollars per capita. GDP per capita Gross domestic product (GDP) is a strong indicator of a country’s economic performance and strength. It is measured by the added value of all final goods and services produced in a country during a specific time period or by adding every person’s income during that time period. Gross domestic product per capita is sometimes used to describe the standard of living of a population, with a higher GDP meaning a higher standard of living. In 2014, Luxembourg, Norway, Qatar, and Switzerland reported the highest gross domestic product per capita worldwide, as can be seen in this statistic. It is estimated that gross domestic product per capita in the United States in 2020 will amount to around 58 thousand U.S. dollars, half of what Luxembourg is currently reporting. Since GDP per capita is calculated per inhabitant (hence the name), this is actually a positive sign of economic development, since it means an increase of almost 4,000 U.S. dollars. Despite the large gross domestic product in the United States, the United States had one of the highest unemployment rates amongst major industrial and emerging countries in 2013, with over 7.3 percent - the fourth highest in comparison to other major industrial and emerging countries. The nation in the world with the second largest gross domestic product per capita is Norway. Norway’s economy has shown great signs of strength over the last few years. Over the past decade, Norway’s GDP per capita increased by more than 43 thousand U.S. dollars alone, almost doubling its amount. All in all, Norway's economy is one of the most stable and promising worldwide. 
 The annual birth rate has been on decline in Latin America and the Caribbean since 2005. In 2017, this region's birth rate amounted to an average of 16.6 live births per 1,000 population, down from almost 20 births per 1,000 people in 2005. The population growth rate in Latin America and Caribbean has started to decrease in the last few years. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Austria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Austria amounted to around 8.89 million inhabitants. See figures for Switzerland's population and the population of Italy for comparison. 
 This statistic shows the age-standardized average length of hospital stays in Canada from fiscal year 2010-2011 to 2017-2018. In 2013-2014, the average length of hospital stays in Canada was seven days. 
 The statistic shows the size of the hosting and cloud computing market from 2010 to 2020. In 2018, the market for cloud computing and hosting services is predicted to be worth 118 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the share of global users who accessed music through copyright infringement as of 2017, sorted by age group. During the survey period, 45 percent of respondents aged 25 to 34 said that they had accessed music via copyright infringement in the six months preceding the survey. 
 In 2018, over 1.85 billion domestic tourist visits were made within India, an increase from the previous year. Interestingly, an exponential rise in the domestic tourist visits was seen from the year 2000 to the present across the country. 
 This statistic shows a break down of the highest level of education achieved by Forbes 400 wealthiest Americans as listed in 2012. 27 of those who make the list of America's billionaires held a high school degree as their highest level of completed education and had never been to college. Amongst the most infamous college dropouts turned billionaire entrepreneurs on the list are of course Mark Zuckerberg, Bill Gates and Sean Parker. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park amounted to approximately 12.55 million in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the leading cigarette brands in the United States in 2013, based on cigarettes sold. Marlboro ranked the highest with a sales volume of 114.7 billion cigarettes, followed by Newport with 34.9 billion cigarettes sold. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for iron ore from 2014 through 2018, with forecasted figures for 2018 to 2025. In 2018, the average price for iron ore stood at 69.8 nominal U.S. dollars per dry metric ton. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Australia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Australia had a total population of about 25.17 million people. Population of Australia Australia is among the ten largest countries in the world, in terms of area size, although its total population is low in numbers compared to other countries. Not all of Australia’s land mass has been reclaimed and urbanized, as most of Australia’s inhabitants live in metropolises and cities on the country’s coasts. The majority of Australians is of European descent (predominantly British), and only a small minority belongs to the indigenous population, the Aborigines. Although the number of Australians is rising slowly and continuously, year-on-year population growth in Australia has only recently recovered from a slight slump in 2010 and 2011, while the fertility rate has been stable over the last decade. Standard of living is fairly high in Australia, which can be seen when looking at the Human Development Index, which ranks countries by their level of human development and living standards, such as their unemployment rate, literacy rate or life expectancy at birth. Life expectancy of Australia’s population is quite high in international comparison, for example, Australia is also among the leading countries when it comes to this key factor. Economically speaking, Australia is also among the leading nations, with a steadily rising employment rate, an increasing gross domestic product (GDP) with a steady growth rate, and a relatively stable share in the global GDP. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Sub-Saharan Africa from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Sub-Saharan Africa amounted to about 8.45 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, Singapore was the country with the highest seaport quality. The United States received a rating of 5.6 on a scale from 1 (= under-developed) to 7 (= extensively developed according to international standards). 
 This statistic illustrates the distribution of global titanium dioxide (mineral sands) production in 2014, by country. Australia, China, and South Africa were the leading producers with 17, 18, and 15 percent, respectively. Titanium dioxide is one of the two core product streams of the mineral sands industry. 
 This statistic presents the quarterly net loss of mobile messaging platform Snap. As of the fourth quarter of 2019, the chat app company had generated almost 241 million U.S. dollars in losses, an increase from 227 million U.S. dollars of losses in the previous quarter. 
 The statistic ranks female professional tennis players (active and retired) by the number of Wimbledon titles won since the beginning of the Open Era in 1968. Steffi Graf has won Wimbledon seven times. 
 This statistic shows the approximate annual number of patient visits per emergency department in the U.S., according to a survey conducted among leading representatives of hospitals and health systems in February 2016. It was found that approximately 28 percent of the surveyed reported that they had 30,000 or fewer patient visits to their emergency department per year. 
 This statistic shows the number of immigrants in Indonesia in 2005, 2010, 2015 and 2017. In 2010, there were approximately 305 thousand immigrants living in Indonesia. 
 This statistic displays the value of commercial property investment in selected European countries, as of the first quarter 2019. Investment companies usually decide to specialize in one of the markets: residential or commercial property. Residential real estate investments can be seen as less risky, but the commercial investments can also be understood as safer, due to higher cash flow potential, offering better returns on investment. Among potential risks when investing in commercial properties the following are listed: higher sensitivity to economic conditions, influencing businesses, vulnerability to changes in supply and changes in local infrastructure as well as the longer time it takes to find a tenant once the property becomes vacant. In the first quarter of 2019, the value of commercial investment in the United Kingdom (UK) totaled 9.5 billion euros, a twenty two percent decrease during the same period of the previous year. Overall, of the countries included only six countries including Norway, Finland and Sweden experienced an increase in commercial real estate investments compared to the same period of 2018. 
 This timeline illustrates Ferrari's global net revenue between the 2012 and 2018 fiscal years. The Maranello-based luxury carmaker generated around 3.4 billion euros in net revenue in the 2018 fiscal year. 
 In 2024, the number of monthly active smartphone users in Italy is projected to reach 47.57 million individuals. This would be an increase of approximately six million new users compared to 2018. The penetration rate is also expected to increase. As of 2018, about nine in ten mobile surfers believed that smartphones were as important or more important than personal computers, as stated by Osservatori Digital Innovation. The most popular smartphone brands in the country were Samsung, Huawei, and Apple. Constantly on their phones According to Deloitte's Global Mobile Consumer Survey 2017, Italians ranked well above the European average in many aspects. For example, they ranked first for voice search and virtual assistant usage. At the same time, 40 percent of the respondents thought that they used their smartphone excessively. Only Spain ranked higher, with 46 percent of the respondents believing they used their smartphones too much. Privacy concerns Excessive use was not the only concern among smartphone users: Italians were also worried about privacy and personal data protection. In general, mobile surfers were against companies tracking them online. However, there was a noticeable generational difference in the willingness to give away personal data for marketing purposes. In particular, Millennials were more willing to monetize their data than previous generations. 
 This statistic displays the average price of cut flowers sold in auctions in the Netherlands from May 2018 to December 2019 (in eurocent per flower). In December 2019, the average price of a flower sold on an auction in the Netherlands was 35 eurocent. 
 In 2018, net solar power generation in the United States reached its highest point yet at 66.6 gigawatt hours of solar thermal and photovoltaic (PV) power. Solar power generation has increased drastically over the past two decades, especially since 2011, when net generation hovered just below 2 gigawatt hours. Where is solar power used? In the United States, an exceptionally high number of solar-related jobs are based in California. Home to Pacific Gas & Electric Company and Southern California Edison -- two of the largest solar energy utilities in terms of annual capacity -- the state has long been a forerunner in solar technology. Outside of California, the majority of leading American solar power utilities are located in Florida, Texas, and North Carolina. Clean Energy in the U.S. In recent years, solar power generation has seen more rapid growth than wind power in the United States. However, among renewables used for electricity, wind has been a more common and substantial source than solar for the past decade. Conventional hydropower remains the most frequently used sources of renewable electricity, however, there are major environmental costs often associated with the construction and operation of large hydropower facilities. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Texas Rangers from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 324 million U.S. dollars.The Texas Rangers are owned by Ray Davis, who bought the franchise for 593 million U.S. dollars in 2010. 
 More than 7,000 buses and coaches with a weight of over 3.5 metric tons were registered the United Kingdom in 2018. The UK accounted for the largest share of medium and heavy bus and coach registrations in the European Union in 2018. Great Britain and Northern Ireland officially withdrew from the EU on January 31, 2020 
 In baseball terms, a home run is a hit that allows the batter to run all the way around the bases and reach home safely. Home runs are generally achieved when the ball is hit over the outfield without touching the ground first. In Major League Baseball, Barry Bonds leads the pack of all-time home run scorers. He hit a record 762 home runs in his career between 1986 and 2007, during which time he played for the Pittsburgh Pirates and the San Francisco Giants. MLB legends – Barry Bonds In no small part as a result of his outstanding home run record, Barry Bonds is considered one of the greatest baseball players of all time. It is therefore surprising that he is yet to be inducted into the National Baseball Hall of Fame, although the San Francisco Giants did elect him to their Wall of Fame and retired the No. 25 jersey in his honor. Interestingly, Barry Bonds does not lead the list of all-time home runs scored for the San Francisco Giants – this accolade is held by Willie Mays, who is in sixth on the all-time league home run list. MLB legends – Babe Ruth One man who did make it into the National Baseball Hall of Fame and who is often called the greatest baseball player of all time is Babe Ruth. The Yankees Legend is top of the team’s all-time home run list, having smashed 659 home runs during his 14-year career in New York. Not only was the Yankees’ No. 3 shirt retired in his honor, but he was also inducted to the Boston Red Sox Hall of Fame, despite only playing for them for a comparatively short five years. Babe Ruth is second on the list of MLB all-time RBI (runs batted in) leaders, only behind Hank Aaron, who spent his whole career playing in Milwaukee. The player who appeared the most times overall in the MLB is Pete Rose, who played a total of 3,562 games in a career spanning 23 years. 
 This statistic provides information on the share of U.S. social networkers who are afraid of missing something such as an event, news or important status updates if they don't keep an eye on their social networks. During a survey in June 2013, it was found that 56 percent of U.S. social network users suffered from the fear of missing out, also known as FOMO. 
 This statistic represents combined key figures for American Airlines and US Airways (as of June 2015). American Airlines and US Airways had passenger traffic amounting to around 351 billion revenue passenger kilometers. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Botswana from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Botswana was at 37.52 percent. 
 This statistic shows the number of cases of child abuse in the United States in 2018, by age of victim. In 2018, a total of 149,828 children aged one year and younger were abused in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the sugar production in the United States from 2009/2010 to 2018/2019. As one of the leading sugar producing countries, the United States produced approximately 7.2 million metric tons of sugar in 2009/2010. The world sugar production amounted to about 165.8 million metric tons in 2015/2016. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Israel from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Israel's gross domestic product had amounted to around 370.59 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in Tai Chi in the United States from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in Tai Chi amounted to approximately 3.76 million. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the Dallas Mavericks franchise had an estimated value of 2.4 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the global audience of the Winter Olympic Games from 2010 to 2018. The 2018 Olympic Winter Games in PyeongChang had a global cumulative audience of 1.92 billion. 
 The 2020 'Best Picture' winner 'Parasite' grossed 48.83 million U.S. dollars in the United States and Canada. Its global box office revenue amounted to just over 205 million dollars. 'Parasite' was the first international entry to win 'Best Picture', and won four Oscars in total at 92nd Academy Awards. 
 The statistic shows a forecast for the worldwide data volume of internet video to TV from 2016 to 2021, in petabytes per month. In 2018, global traffic from internet videos viewed through television devices such as internet-ready set-top boxes is estimated to reach 23,387 petabytes per month. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Austria from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Austrian population was 43.2 years. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Rwanda from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Rwanda's gross domestic product amounted to around 9.51 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration in Peru from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 52.54 percent of the Peruvian population accessed the internet, up from nearly 48.73 percent a year earlier. 
 Cosmetics and toiletries are bought in larger quantities each passing month in the UK. Most recently, in September 2019, the retail sales volume of articles in these two categories reached an index number of 128.4 as presented in the graph. This was lower than the volume recorded for the previous months of the year, but still higher than the figures recorded in 2016, 2017 and the first half of 2018. More cosmetics stores in the UK For retail stores focusing on the sales of cosmetics and toilet articles, turnover has seen a boost in recent years. This could be attributed to the increasing number of cosmetics stores available in the UK. Between 2016 and 2017 only, an additional 106 specialized stores opened in the UK in this category. View from Europe Cosmetics, personal care products and toilet articles sell well in the United Kingdom. In Europe, the UK was among the top three countries with the highest consumption value in 2018. That year, 10.94 billion euros worth of cosmetics and personal care products were consumed in the UK. The United Kingdom was surpassed by France by a very narrow margin. The lead in European cosmetics consumption was Germany’s. 
 This statistic presents the share of people in the United States who have read at least one e-book in the past 12 months as of January 2018, broken down by age. During a survey, 34 percent of respondents aged 18 to 29 stated they had read at least one e-book in the previous 12 months. The popularity of this medium is reflected in the growing e-book sales revenue. 
 This statistic shows the share of users of the most popular social media platforms among young people in Finland in 2016. During the period under survey, roughly 88 percent of the respondents stated they used the social media service WhatsApp. 
 This statistic shows the 25 largest counties in the United States in 2018, by population. In 2018, about 10.11 million people were living in Los Angeles County, California. Additional information on urbanization in the United States Urbanization is defined as the process by which cities grow or by which societies become more urban. Rural to urban migration in the United States, and around the world, is often undertaken in the search for employment or to enjoy greater access to services such as healthcare. The largest cities in the United States are steadily growing. Given their size, incremental increases yield considerable numerical gains as seen by New York increasing by 69,777 people in 2011, the most of any city. However in terms of percentage growth, smaller cities outside the main centers are growing the fastest with Frisco City being the fastest growing large city from 2016 to 2017. Urbanization has increased slowly in the United States, rising from 79.76 percent of the population living in urban areas in 2004 to 81.67 percent in 2015. In 2018, the United States ranked 14th in a ranking of countries based on their degree of urbanization. Unlike fully urbanized countries such as Singapore and Hong Kong, the United States maintains a sizeable agricultural industry. Although technological developments have reduced demands for rural labor, labor in the industry and supporting services are still required. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate of Black married-couple families in the U.S. from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, 7.1 percent of Black married-couple families were living below the poverty line in the United States. Poverty is the state of one who lacks a certain amount of material possessions or money. Absolute poverty or destitution is inability to afford basic human needs, which commonly includes clean and fresh water, nutrition, health care, education, clothing and shelter. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to the gross domestic product (GDP) in Russia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Russia amounted to about 32.62 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic above provides data on the Black elected officials in the United States. In 2012, 56 Black elected officials were counted in Florida. 
 This graph gives a breakdown of Harley-Davidson's FY 2018 motorcycle revenue by region. Some 18 percent of H-D's motorcycle revenue came from Europe and the Middle East. Harley-Davidson, Inc. is a publicly traded US-based company (NYSE: HOG), which is active in two main business areas: the motorbike and motorbike accessories sector and the financial services sector. 
 In November 2019, Ford's EU market share stood at 6.1 percent. Year-to-date, some 948,000 units were sold to EU customers by the Ford Motor Company, which is counted among the Detroit Big Three automakers. The United Kingdom and Germany were among Ford's four most important sales markets in 2018. 
 This statistic presents the development of the annual short-term interest rate for Turkey between 2009 and 2016, with further projections for 2017 and 2018. Turkey's short-term interest rate was at a low of 6.93 percent in 2013 and it peaked just two year later in 2015 at 10.95 percent. Nevertheless, the projections for 2017 and 2018 estimate that the short-term interest rate would be between eight and nine percent. 
 This statistic shows the economic damage caused by tornadoes in the United States from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, tornadoes resulted in approximately 672 million U.S. dollars worth of damage across the United States. 
 In the 2019/2020 season, Bayern Munich was the highest paying club in the German Bundesliga . The average annual player salary in that season was 8.12 million U.S. dollars, while in Paderborn, the lowest paying club in the Bundesliga, it was 0.42 million U.S. dollars. 18 clubs consistently play in the first Bundesliga in Germany. The league was founded in its current format in 1963 and is the premier football league in Germany. The composition of teams changes every season through a process of relegation with the second division of German football, the 2. Bundesliga. Approximately 13.7 million people attended games of the first Bundesliga while 5.4 billion attended games of the second Bundesliga during the 2017/2018 season. Bayern Munich has the most expensive players in the Bundesliga. In 2018, the transfer value of its players was 827.8 million euros. In comparison, the transfer value of the players in Borussia Dortmund was 412.3 million euros, less than half of Bayern Munich’s. In 2018, Bayern Munich had its brand valued at 1.4 billion U.S. dollars and Borussia Dortmund at 587 million U.S. dollars. Higher popularity does not necessarily mean higher stadium attendance. In 2018, The FC Bayern Munich was considered the most popular club in Germany, with 24.2 percent of respondents agreeing. In comparison, Borussia Dortmund was ranked second with 22.3 percent. However, in 2017/2018 season, Borussia Dortmund scored highest average attendance with 79,496 attendees per game, whereas Bayern Munich scored 75,000 attendees per game. 
 This statistic shows the annual growth of the gross domestic product (GDP) of Canada from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, the GDP of Canada had increased by 3.05 percent over the previous year's GDP. 
 The statistic depicts the sales share of the 20 leading hair care and styling brands in the United States in 2014. Rogaine represented 57.2 percent of sales in the hair growth products market. L'Oréal Superior Preference achieved 12.1 percent of the women's hair coloring market, while Garnier Nutrisse followed closely behind with 11 percent. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Quebec from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Quebec's GDP was 367.07 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Ivory Coast from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the inflation rate in Ivory Coast amounted to about 0.69 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The average retail price of residential electricity has risen steadily in the United States, reaching a peak of almost 13 cents per kilowatt hour in 2018. In the United States, electricity prices tend to reflect costs related to construction, finance, maintenance, and operation of power plants and electricity grids. How do electricity rates differ? The price of electricity can vary widely across the states with Hawaii having one of the highest rates and Idaho one of the lowest. In Hawaii, the high price of crude oil can drive up electricity prices. There is virtually no fuel used in the generation of hydropower, and the cost of dams is spread over several decades, keeping costs low in states which use hydropower as the main source of electricity, such as Idaho. Cost of electricity can vary based on the primary power source used. In other states like Louisiana, electricity costs are low because a company, Entergy Louisiana in this case, creates energy and provides it to the state rather than purchasing it from another entity. The costs required to operate and maintain transmission and distribution systems also impact the prices that a household pays. 
 This statistic illustrates Amazon.com's fulfillment expenses from 2001 to 2019. In the most recently reported fiscal year, Amazon's fulfillment expenses amounted to 40.23 billion U.S. dollars, up from 34 billion U.S. dollars in the year before. 
 This statistic shows the top selling Nintendo DS titles worldwide. With 30.8 million units sold, New Super Mario Bros. was the top selling Nintendo DS game as of September 2019. 
 This statistic displays the wholesale price of carrots in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2015 to 2019. The wholesale price of carrots was valued at 0.36 British pounds per kilogram in November 2019. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of the participating national teams at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil by average age of players. The average age of the Germany squad for the World Cup in Brazil is 26.3 years. Average player age of the 2014 World Cup squads - additional information There were a total of 736 players across 32 teams in the World Cup, picked from domestic leagues in 52 countries. The Cameroon squad had an average age of 26.9, which matched the average age of all of the players at the tournament. This overall average marks a small change from the average of 27 years and 5 months at each of the last three FIFA World Cups. 58 players celebrated their birthday over the course of the tournament, including Argentina’s Lionel Messi, the most valuable player at the World Cup, who turned 27 on 24th June. Argentina, who had the fifth most valuable team at the World Cup also went into the tournament with the oldest team on average (28.5 years). This squad included Martín Demichelis, Hugo Campagnaro and Maxi Rodríguez, all of whom were 33 at the start of the tournament, thus making them the joint 32nd oldest players in the World Cup. Ghana had the most youthful squad with the team’s average age standing at 24.9. AC Milan’s Michael Essien, aged 31, was the only squad member over the age of 30. The oldest player at the whole tournament was Colombian goalkeeper Faryd Mondragon, aged 43. By coming on as a substitute in the 85th minute of Colombia’s final group game against Japan, he became the oldest player ever to play in a World Cup game at the age of 43 years and 3 days, surpassing the record set by Cameroon’s Roger Milla at the 1994 World Cup in the USA. The youngest player at the 2014 tournament was 18 year old Cameroonian forward Fabrice Olinga, although he remained an unused substitute throughout. Had he been selected, Olinga would have become the ninth-youngest player in World Cup history. The youngest-ever is Norman Whiteside, who played for Northern Ireland at Spain 1982 just 41 days after turning 17. 
 This statistic presents the consolidated Alibaba Group revenue from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the fourth quarter of 2019. In the last quarter of 2019, Alibaba's total revenue reached nearly 161.5 billion yuan. Company's business segments include core commerce, cloud computing, digital media entertainment, innovation initiatives and others. 
 Since 2013, an average of 20.9 million travelers annually boarded the Eurostar or Le Shuttle in the United Kingdom. Although one of noticeably over-budgeted construction projects, after its opening in 1994 the Channel Tunnel has grown to become an important means of transport for passengers journeying to and from the UK. Light at the end of the tunnel 2012 marked the first year the Channel Tunnel overtook the number of sea traveling passengers entering and exiting the UK. Although sea travel recovered in the following three years, the general trend of decline in ferry usage was undeniable. Trains had again pushed ahead of short sea travel in 2016 and 2017. Tunnel vision With a length of 50.45 kilometers, the Channel Tunnel is the fourth longest railroad and road tunnel as of May 2018. Of the leading five entries, three were located in Europe. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Milwaukee Brewers from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 288 million U.S. dollars.The Milwaukee Brewers are owned by Mark Attanasio, who bought the franchise for 223 million U.S. dollars in 2005. 
 The statistic represents the U.S. public debt held by the public from 2000 to 2019 with an additional forecast from 2020 to 2030 as a percentage of the Gross Domestic Product. U.S. public debt held by the public amounted to 16.8 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019, which was about 79.2 percent of the U.S. GDP. The forecast predicts an increase in public debt up to 31.45 trillion U.S. dollars in 2030, which would be about 98.3 percent of the U.S. GDP. The actual total debt accrued by the U.S. annually can be accessed here. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in the Czech Republic from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Czech population was 41.4 years. 
 The statistic shows the annual development of the Hang Seng index from 1986 to 2019. The Hang Seng index reflects the performance of the largest stocks traded on the Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The year value of the Hang Seng index amounted to 28,189.75 by the end of 2019. 
 This statistic displays the share of hot beverages consumed most often by individuals in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2015. Of respondents, 44 percent drink tea most often, followed by 21 percent who drink instant coffee. Hot drinks have always played an important role in British culture, particularly in the case of tea, as seen in the high and rising market value of hot drinks. Recently, however, the increasing popularity of coffee has dented sales of tea, turning Brits into a nation of coffee drinkers. This has been furthered exaggerated by cheaper and easier access to premium coffee via the likes of coffee pod machines. Tea is also making a new name for itself, however, with loose leaf tea, as well as fruit and herbal teas, appealing to the many that are improving their eating habits and following current health and wellness trends. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Yemen from 1994 to 2024. In 2018, the estimated average inflation rate in Yemen amounted to about 27.6 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The figure shows the age structure of global QR code users as of the third quarter of 2015. During the observed period, it was found that 20 percent of QR scanners were between 25 and 34 years old. 
 This statistic shows consumer expenditure on garden, plants and flowers in the United Kingdom (UK) from 1st quarter 2013 to 2nd quarter 2019, based on volume. In the 2nd quarter of 2019, UK households purchased 1.47 billion British pounds worth of plants, flowers and other garden goods. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Oakland Athletics franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.1 billion U.S. dollars. The Oakland Athletics are owned by Lewis Wolff and John Fisher, who bought the franchise for 180 million U.S. dollars in 2005. 
 This statistic shows the share of teenagers in the United States who were Snapchat users as of April 2018, sorted by age group. During that period of time, 74 percent of U.S. teens aged 15 to 17 years used the social networking app. 
 The statistic shows the most traffic jam prone cities in Europe in 2018. With an overall congestion level of 50 percent, Bucharest was the second most congested city in Europe. Here, a trip that might take 60 minutes in non-congested traffic will take 57 minutes longer during rush hour. 
 What is the price of a house in Belgium? In 2018, a house in Belgium would cost approximately 251,584 euros. This is an increase of roughly 4.7 percent compared to the previous year and an increase of approximately 11 percent compared to 2014. Note, however, that there are large price differences between the three Belgian regions. A house in the Brussels Capital-Region (the city of Brussels along and its surrounding villages) costed around 453,000 euros in 2018. Dutch-speaking Flanders and French-speaking Wallonia reached average prices of 277,000 euros and 189,000 euros respectively. Of the Belgian provinces, houses in Hainaut were the cheapest. The ranking shown here only includes what in Flemish Dutch is referred to as “woonhuizen” and as “maisons” in French and therefore does not include apartments. How much is an apartment in Belgium? In 2018, an apartment in Belgium would cost approximately 220,000 euros. Apartment prices increased by 1.8 percent compared to 2017, which is lower than the house prices (4.7 percent). The source mentions that Flanders and the Brussels Capital-Region are the main drivers behind this, as apartment prices increased by 1.6 percent and 2.4 percent respectively. Wallonia remained stable at +0.5 percent. Is residential property in Belgium expensive when compared to the rest of Europe? The house price index (HPI) of Belgium did not increase as fast as that of other European countries in 2018. Residential property in Belgium (which includes both newly constructed as well as existing property) increased by 2.6 percent between the third quarter of 2017 and the third quarter of 2018, whereas prices in Slovenia and the Netherlands increased by more than ten percent. When the HPI is corrected for inflation, however, numbers show that only Swedish and Luxembourgish housing was more expensive than those in Belgium. 
 Over 34 percent of the Indian population accessed the internet in 2017. This was a drastic increase from 7.5 percent in 2010. Despite the huge, yet-to-be utilized potential, India is already the second-largest online market worldwide. 
 This statistic shows public sector expenditure on local public transport in the United Kingdom from 2011/12 to 2018/19. In total over this period, the expenditure on local public transport has declined. In 2018/19 the UK spent approximately 2.7 billion British pounds on local public transport. 
 This statistic shows the number of fatalities due to terrorist attacks worldwide in 2018, by the responsible terrorist group. In that year, 8,508 people were killed by terrorist attacks attributed to the Taliban. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Los Angeles Chargers, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Los Angeles Chargers was 375 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the leading ten countries based on hard coal production in 2017, measured in million metric tons. In that year, China was by far the leading hard coal producer worldwide, with over 3.2 billion metric tons of hard coal produced. 
 This statistic shows the approximate number of employees at General Electric each year from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, General Electric employed around 283,000 people worldwide. Total number of GE employees General Electric conducts business in virtually every part of the world, with over 180 countries served. GE is active in the fields of energy, aircraft components, medical electrical devices and lighting. With revenue streams of approximately 122 billion U.S. dollars and a brand value of about 50.2 billion U.S. dollars, GE is ranked among the most valuable brands worldwide. In 2018, the diversified infrastructure and financial services corporation employed around 283,000 people worldwide, some 97,000 of which were based in the United States. The firm’s aviation segment raked in the most revenue. Following a tax hike in its home state, the formerly Connecticut-headquartered company decided to move its home base to Boston to keep payments in check. 
 The total value of retail sales, including fuel, reached a peak value of over 423 million British pounds in 2018. This marked an increase of about 18 million British pounds on the previous year. For the retail industry excluding fuel sales, this figure similarly indicated a record value in 2018 with a significant rise on the year prior. UK retail business as usual Generally, retail sales in the UK displayed steady growth with the exception of 2009, when annual sales experienced a noticeable drop. In the following years, retail trade in the UK was able to deliver high-flying numbers, and is forecast to grow even larger by 2020. Holiday spending: industry’s best friend When we look at the monthly breakdown of retail sales value, an unmistakably clear picture of rigorous holiday spending greets us. December is the month when retail has its best days. This was particularly true in December 2018, when the sales value of retail in Great Britain was recorded at over 50 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees of Starwood Hotels & Resorts worldwide from 2008 to 2015. Starwood Hotels & Resorts employed approximately 188,000 staff members in 2015. Starwood Hotels & Resorts was founded in 1969 and now has more than 1,200 properties worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in New Zealand from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 86.54 percent of New Zealand's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 As per recent data exploring the number of people employed by Hewlett Packard Enterprise (previously a part of Hewlett-Packard Company) worldwide between 2015 and 2019, in 2019 the company had 61.6 thousand employees. 
 This statistic shows the job approval ratings of U.S. president Barack Obama, on a monthly basis during his time in office from 2009 to 2017. The survey is conducted doing telephone interviews among about 15,000 adults per month in the U.S. The graph shows the results for the monthly aggregate to depict an annual trend. About 47 percent of the American public approved of President Barack Obama's doings in September 2015. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Scotland between 2000 and 2019. The unemployment rate was at its lowest in the most recent period, in 2019, having fallen to 3.6 percentage points since the peak of 8.2 percent in 2010. 
 In Italy, the total number of hospitals gradually decreased over time. As a matter of fact, in 2000, there were 1,321 hospitals in the country, whereas in 2017, the number decreased to 1,063 hospitals. Also, the number of hospital beds declined during the period considered. Hospitalization rates and causes In 2016, heart failure was the main cause of hospitalization, followed by chronic obstructive pulmonary disease (COPD). Aosta Valley, Liguria and Campania were the regions with the highest hospitalization rates, whereas Calabria, Veneto and Sicily recorded the lowest rates nationwide. Level of satisfaction for hospital services As regards the level of satisfaction among patients for the services received, there was a remarkable gap between the public and the private sector. For instance, only 19.7 percent of patients treated in public facilities declared to be very satisfied with the cares received, against 35.7 percent of individuals who made the same statement about private hospitals. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Life Time Fitness, Inc. company from 2012 to 2017. In 2017, the health club chain generated a revenue of around 1.59 billion U.S. dollars. In 2017, the Minnesota (USA) based company operated 130 clubs. 
 This statistic depicts the total consumption of lithium worldwide from 2008 to 2016. In 2016, the total global consumption of lithium reached 212,719 metric tons of lithium carbonate equivalent. Increases in battery demand will be a strong driver of lithium consumption in the near future, but producers are currently limited in their ability to match demands. 
 Novak Djokovic is the career leader in prize money earnings on the ATP tennis World Tour. With more than 143 million U.S. dollars in prize money earnings, he is only one of three players who have made more than 100 million U.S. dollars from prize money in men’s professional tennis. The only other two are Roger Federer and Rafael Nadal. Top players make more from endorsements and sponsorships Even though the top players like Djokovic, Nadal, and Federer earn millions every year in tournament prize money, they generate even higher income from off-court earnings such as endorsement and sponsorship deals. In the twelve months from June 2018 to June 2019, Roger Federer generated about 86 million U.S. dollars in income from endorsements alone, while his prize money income stood at 7.4 million U.S. dollars. Therefore prize money accounted for less than 20 percent of Roger Federer’s income in that time period. Top 3 Grand Slam title and prize money leaders congruent Somewhat unsurprisingly, the three players topping the career prize money list are also the top three in terms of Grand Slam tournament wins and considered to be amongst the greatest tennis players of all-time. As of February 2020, Roger Federer has won 20 Grand Slam tournaments, Rafael Nadal has 19 titles, and Novak Djokovic has 17 Grand Slam titles to his name. 
 This statistic shows the reported rate of violent crime in Canada from 2000 to 2018. There were roughly 1,143.5 violent crimes reported per 100,000 residents in Canada in 2018. 
 The statistic depicts the player transfers in the German soccer Bundesliga with the highest transfer fees up to September 2019. FC Bayern München paid 40 million euros as a transfer fee for the Spanish player Javi Martinez. 
 The apparel and footwear market in the UK is a robust one, expected to reach a value of 66 billion euros according to estimates made by Euromonitor. Indeed, over the years consumers in UK households spent more and more on clothing and footwear purchases, with expenditure marking over 70 million British pounds, as displayed in the present statistic. Online share of clothing and footwear sales While spending on apparel holds steady, the number of stores for clothing and footwear in the UK has dropped in recent years. The likeliest culprit for this trend is online, which currently stands for 18.7 percent of all retail sales made in textile, clothing and footwear stores in Great Britain. Primark inches its way to the top The UK apparel market is dominated by the country’s most established retailers such as Marks and Spencer. As of 2018, M&S still enjoys the highest share in the market at 9 percent. Yet having made great strides since 2008, it is not unlikely that the fast fashion company Primark will closely challenge M&S’s leading position in the coming years. 
 This statistic shows the Producer Price Index for finished goods in the United States from January 2019 to January 2020. Finished goods are commodities that will not undergo further processing and are ready for sale to the final-demand user, either an individual consumer or business firm. The Producer Price Index (PPI) program measures the average change over time in the selling prices received by domestic producers for their output. The prices included in the PPI are from the first commercial transaction for many products and some services. In January 2020, the PPI for finished goods stood at 206.8. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the New York Jets from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the New York Jets was 78,523. 
 This statistic shows the Amadeus distribution platform market share of global air travel distribution systems from 2010 to 2019. In 2019, the Amadeus held 44 percent of the global air travel distribution systems market. In 2019, the revenue of Amadeus was 6.25 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the amount of municipal solid waste generated worldwide in 2016, broken down by select countries. The United States generated 258 million metric tons of municipal solid waste based on the latest reported year. 
 This statistic depicts faucets brands used the most by U.S. construction firms in 2018. The survey revealed that 31 percent of the respondents used Delta brand faucets the most. Residential construction involves the building and selling of both individual and multi-family dwellings. These residential dwellings may include single-units, manufactured housing, such as mobile homes and pre-built houses, duplexes, quadplexes, apartment buildings as well as condominiums. home renovation also forms a major part of residential construction. Residential building improvements in the United States were estimated to have an annual value of over a hundred billion U.S. dollars. 
 The sales volume of chocolate bars manufactured in the UK was approximately 40 thousand tons in 2018, an increase of over eight thousand tons from 2017. This constitutes a recovery of the production volume, which collapsed between 2008 and 2011 and fell by just under eighty percent, before it stagnated in the early 2010s. A stagnating market? The corresponding developments in sales values give the same picture as above. In 2017, sales value of UK output amounted to 182.5 million British pounds. The sales price per kilogram of chocolate bar and average purchase volume of UK consumers in the UK has stagnated in recent years. Chocolate bar types Between 2016 and 2017, the average consumer ate 36 grams per week of solid chocolate and a further 49n grams of filled chocolate. The average expenditure per person per week on chocolate bars has overall gone up in the last decade for both types of products. Sales values of filled bars made in the UK have seen a decline since 2008. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Indonesia from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Indonesia was at about 21.1 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 When it comes to consulting services, size does not necessarily amount to prestige. In 2019, McKinsey & Company were rated by their peers as the most prestigious consulting firm in the United States with a 8.98 rating. The Big Four Of all the consultancy firms, the best known are the Big Four, accounting for almost 40 percent of the global market - Deloitte, PwC (Pricewaterhouse Coopers) , EY ( Ernst & Young) and KPMG. All four primarily provide financial consulting services such as taxation, audit, and risk advisory. Together they dominate the financial segment of the U.S. consultancy market. The broader consulting market While the global accounting firms may have the biggest, financial advisory services is only one segment of the global consulting services market. Management consulting services, broadly conceived of as including the operations, strategy, and human resources segments, constitute over half of the global market. The remainder of the market is comprised of various IT-related services. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Utah Jazz franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.55 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows Brandstätter Group' revenue generated through Playmobil worldwide from 2004 to 2012. In 2004, the revenue was at 359 million euros. 
 The United Kingdom is the leading country in Europe in terms of online shopping penetration. By now a mature market, UK e-commerce sales reached a value of 688.4 billion British pounds in 2018. Between 2016 and 2017 alone, e-commerce sales went up by 80 billion British pounds. Wholesale the leading industry for e-commerce sales Over the period of time displayed in this statistic, wholesale and manufacturing were the leading two sectors which generated the highest e-commerce sales. With an increasingly significant role in the manufacturing sector, e-commerce sales went from 161.2 billion to 173.6 billion British pounds within the space of once year between 2016 and 2017. Business turnover from e-commerce With such a positive sales trend in all industry sectors, e-commerce also increased its share in the annual turnover of businesses. According to the most recent e-commerce activity reports issued by the Office for National Statistics, e-commerce accounted for 16.5 percent of total business turnover in 2017. 
 Sports Direct is a retail empire, and UK sports retail is its heartland. In 2019, the British sports fashion retailer’s store portfolio included 540 locations in the UK. In addition to its own-brand stores, Sports Direct’s sports retail business also includes stores operated by the branded clothing company USC. European Sports retail Sports Direct’s presence in the sports fashion scene extends beyond the UK. The retailer’s European sports retail fascia now runs over 250 stores in this region, spread across several countries. Combined with sales made in the UK, the revenue of Sports Direct in Europe increased annually between 2013 and 2018. Sports Direct buy-outs Sports Direct has recently been in the news a lot. This is due to its CEO Mike Ashley’s continued attempts at buying out a number of high street retailers who had to go into administration. House of Fraser is one such retailer, who is now fully owned by Sports Direct. In the first half year of the fiscal year 2018/2019, the department store retailer delivered its first financial results as a new member of the Sports Direct family. 
 The Italian fashion Group Dolce & Gabbana S.r.l., well known worldwide for designing, producing and distributing high-end clothing, leather goods, footwear, jewelry and accessories, reported a net loss of 24.11 million euros in 2018. During the period considered, this number represented the highest net loss of the Group, which registered a net profit of 27.55 million euros in 2017. Italian roots, global reach Due to a very distinctive Mediterranean look, Dolce & Gabbana started attracting the attention of artists and famous people around the world already in the 90s. That, along with an expansive business strategy, allowed the company to become one of the leading Italian fashion companies in terms of turnover, which, despite yearly fluctuations, almost reached one billion euros in 2017 (675280). Such a result was possible thanks to efficient marketing campaigns resulting in global sales revenues of 1.3 billion euros in 2017. The Dolce & Gabbana brand Established in 1985, Dolce & Gabbana grew quickly to become one of the main players in the global luxury goods sector , and thanks to continuous investments in foreign markets one of the most recognizable and desirable brands worldwide. As of May 2018, Dolce & Gabbana had over 16 million followers on Instagram, which made it the second most followed Italian fashion brand on the social networking app after Gucci. 
 The statistic depicts the total revenue of 18 clubs of the German Bundesliga from 2008/09 to 2017/18. In the 2017/18 season, the revenue was at over 3.8 billion euros. German Bundesliga revenue - additional information The total revenue generated by the German Bundesliga reached an all-time high of around 3.8 billion euros in the 2017/18 season. Of this revenue, some 1.25 billion euros came from media receipts and a further 872 million euros was generated from advertising. Match revenue contributed an additional 14.12 percent to the total income and transfers accounted for 16.93 percent. Kit sponsorship continued to be a key source of income for Bundesliga teams, with the estimated revenue from this form of sponsorship reaching 180 million euros in the 2018/19 season. Bayern Munich, champions of the Bundesliga since the 2012/13 season, had the most lucrative kit sponsorship deal as they received a reported 35 million euros from their partnership with Telekom, while VfL Wolfsburg earned 20 million euros through their deal with Volkswagen. Bayern Munich is also the most valuable brand in the Bundesliga, with its global value estimated at just over 1.4 billion euros in 2014. The second most valuable Bundesliga club, Borussia Dortmund, had an estimated brand value of 587 million euros. Bayern Munich was the fourth largest football brand worldwide in 2018, only beaten by the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester United, whose brand values stood at 1.57 billion and 1.9 billion respectively. The total expenditure of the German Bundesliga reached 3.41 billion euros in 2017/18, the highest figure to-date. Some 839 million of these costs, equivalent to 22.6 percent, were spent on transfers and a further 260.28 million euros were spent on staff. 
 The statistic presents a ranking of Brazilian soccer players participating in the 2018 FIFA World Cup in Russia, based on market value. As of June 2018, Neymar was the most valuable player, with a market value of 180 million euros. Philippe Coutinho ranked second, with a value of 100 million euros. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. self-reported consumer spending on a monthly basis for the ongoing year. The survey is conducted through daily telephone interviews among approximately 30,000 adults per month in the U.S. The graph shows the 30-day average for each month to depict an annual trend. In July 2017, the average daily spending of Americans amounted to 109 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the top male professional table tennis players worldwide as of August 2018, by number of ranking points. Top of the list was the Chinese table tennis player, Zhendong Fan, who had 17,001 ranking points worldwide as of August 2018. 
 In 2018, the Italian fashion company Benetton Group reported a turnover of almost one billion Euros. Despite the impressive figure, the turnover of 2018 represented a decrease for Benetton compared to the previous years. Indeed, in 2011, the first year considered in this graph, the turnover of the company amounted to approximately 1.6 billion Euros. Despite reporting a decreasing turnover over the years considered, the company increased its workforce almost threefold, growing from 1.3 thousand employees in 2011 to over 3.5 thousand in 2017. Leaders in clothing manufacturing Founded in 1965 in Treviso, Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world and is present in the most important markets. With sales revenues amounting to approximately 1.3 billion Euros, Benetton ranked among the leading Italian brands both in the women’s outerwear and in the men’s outerwear segment, competing with luxury brands such as Salvatore Ferragamo, Dolce & Gabbana and Valentino, to name a few. Clothing manufacture is moving overseas Italy stands out for its fashion manufacturing industry, famous all over the world due to high quality and elegant design. However, due to the financial crisis that started in 2008 and a steady process of delocalization to countries where production costs are cheaper, the sector has been losing its edge in Italy. The turnover of the wearing apparel manufacturing industry decreased steadily from 2011 to 2017, and, together with that, also the number of individuals employed in the sector. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Arizona Diamondbacks games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 20.86 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the gender distribution of visitors to Pinterest.com, divided by visitors from the United States and from the United Kingom as of September 2013. Pinterest's usership in the United States is predominantly female as 67 percent of all users are women. 
 There were 787 homicides recorded in the United Kingdom in 2018/19, the fewest number of homicides recoded since 2015/16, but also the third highest amount of homicides in a reporting year since 2007/08 when there were 920. Compared with 2002/03, there were 428 fewer homicides in the United Kingdom in the most recent reporting year. 
 This statistic shows average energy consumption per transaction for Bitcoin compared to VISA as of 2018. According to the source, one Bitcoin transaction consumes about 1005 kilowatt-hours of energy. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Peru from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Peru was at approximately 2.9 percent. 
 In 2018, around 155.76 million people were employed in the United States. For 2020, an increase by almost 2 million employed people is expected. Willing but unable The American unemployment rate has seen its ups and downs over the last decades; recovery from an alarming increase in unemployment during the financial crisis in 2009 and the Great Recession fueled by job loss and bankruptcies could only recently be declared, after the Obama administration focused on job creation from 2010 on. Since then, unemployment has been on a downward trend while employment figures are steadily increasing. The Great Inherited Recession The financial crisis happened under President Bush, when the housing market bubble in the United States burst and caused a global banking crisis. Millions of Americans lost their homes and their jobs and thus their source of income. Since the economy usually takes a few years to react to and recover from such a crisis, the United States suffered the consequences for several years. Key economic indicators, like the unemployment rate or the inflation rate, did not recover fully until 2016, meaning that remnants of the crisis were inherited by the next sitting U.S. President, Barack Obama. In the same vein, current U.S. President, Donald Trump, now benefits from the Obama job creation initiative, since unemployment today is historically low. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Jacksonville Jaguars, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Jacksonville Jaguars was 424 million U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Dallas Mavericks games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 54.24 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey, conducted in 2016 in Canada, on New Year's resolutions. According to 33 percent of surveyed Canadians, their top resolution for 2017 was to improve personal fitness and nutrition. 
 This statistic shows the percentage change on the previous year of housing prices in Belgium in 2018 with a forecast for 2019 and 2020. In 2019, housing prices in Belgium are expected to increase with 2.3 percent compared to the previous year. In recent years, the housing market in Belgium remained stable. Between 2005 and 2015 for example, the number of real estate transactions in housing in the Flemish region increased from approximately 39,500 transactions in 2005 to a value of approximately 43,000 transactions in 2014. This was due to Belgium's fiscal system. When purchasing a house in Belgium, consumers pay the asking price plus ten (in Flanders) or 12 percent (in Wallonia and the Brussels capital region) in registration rights. 
 This statistic shows the total cheese production in the United States from 2013 to 2019. In 2018, about 5.91million metric tons of cheese were produced in the United States, up from 5.73 million metric tons in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the trend in pineapple production worldwide from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, the global production of pineapples amounted to 27.92 million metric tons. 
 This statistic displays a survey on the most important social issues in Sweden as of March 2018. During the survey period, 44 percent of the respondents considered healthcare to be the most important social issue in Sweden. 
 This statistic shows inbound tourism in Qatar from 2013 to 2022 . In 2013, the number of inbound tourists in Qatar was one million. This figure was forecasted to increase to 3.7 million by 2022. 
 During 2018, Paris was the most expensive European city to rent an Apartment, at 2.85 thousand U.S. dollars per month. London had an average rental cost of over 300 U.S. dollars less than the Capital of France. Cities within Western Europe have a higher rental price than their Eastern counterparts with Moscow seeing the average cost of rent over one thousand U.S. dollars per month lower than Paris. Supply and demand One of the main factors driving high rents across European cities is the same as any other consumer driven business. If demand outweighs supply, prices will inflate. The drive for high paid professionals to be located centrally in prime locations, mixed with the low levels of available space, high land and, construction costs all help keep rental prices increasing. Renters now outweigh home owners In London, the number of private renters has increased dramatically from 2008. Increasing house prices as well as standard costs of living have seen more and more people unable to get on to the property ladder, and are therefore forced onto the rental markets for longer. This being said 2019 has become a great time for first-time buyers as interest rates remained historically low. 
 The statistic shows the share of female participants in the Olympic summer games from 1992 to 2016. In the 2012, 44.2 percent of participants in the Olympic summer games were women. 
 This statistic shows Scania's key figures in 2018. In that year, the company reported net sales of around 137 billion Swedish kronas. Scania – key figures Scania Aktiebolag is an automotive industry manufacturer of trucks and buses for heavy transport applications, as well as industrial and marine engines. The company was founded in 1891 and is headquartered in Södertälje, Sweden. Its largest shareholder is the Volkswagen Group. The German automaker also holds a majority stake in MAN SE, Scania’s second-largest shareholder. Although Scania’s business units in the Americas and in Asia are growing, Europe continues to be the manufacturer’s most important market. In 2015, truck deliveries to European customers rose to around 47,700 units. However, the company fell victim to the economic downturn in its most crucial market as haulers were hesitant to add new trucks to their fleets during difficult times. Given the fact that the trucks segment accounts for about 60 percent of Scania’s total revenue, the economic situation in the European Union poses significant threat to the business of Europe’s fifth largest truck manufacturer. That said, the company’s operating income rose by approximately 6.2 million US dollars (or about 40 million Swedish kronas) from 2012 to 2013, Scania's net sales were up nine percent to reach around 13.5 billion US dollars (or some 87 billion Swedish kronas). 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Hungary from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Hungary's real gross domestic product grew by around 4.94 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018 the United Kingdom suffered 60 terrorist attacks, the highest of any country in the European Union. This was still fewer than the previous year, which included the Manchester Arena Bombings on the 22 May, and the London Bridge attack on June 11 the two deadliest terrorist attacks in the UK since the London 7/7 attacks in 2005. In 2018, France had the second highest number of terrorist attacks at 30, followed by Italy which had 13. Vehicle attacks in EuropeTerrorist attacks using a vehicle to deliberately drive though a crowd has been used increasingly by terrorists in the mid to late 2010s. This tactic was used in the 2016 Nice truck attack, which targeted people celebrating Bastille Day and resulted in the deaths of 86 people. The type of attack occurred at the Berlin Christmas Markets on December 19 that year, which saw 12 people lose their lives and 56 others injured. Global terrorism spike after 2013 Between 2007 and 2012 the number of deaths caused by terrorism worldwide declined from over 22.7 thousand to just under 11.1 thousand. From 2013 onwards however terrorist fatalities rose, reaching over 32.7 thousand in 2014. Although terrorist fatalities declined after 2014, they have not yet descended to pre 2013 levels. 
 The statistic shows total professional sports player salaries by league in 2018/19. Total salaries paid to NFL players amounted to 4.94 billion U.S. dollars for the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Singapore from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, it is estimated that there will be around 4.7 million social network users in the country, up from 4.2 million in 2017. 
 This statistic presents the value of domestic travel and tourism spending in the United Kingdom from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. Domestic expenditure in 2017 reached 136.2 billion British pounds. This figure is expected to increase in 2018 and and 2028. 
 The statistic shows fossil fuel energy consumption in the United States between 1985 and 2018. Here, the consumption of energy derived from fossil fuels came to approximately 81.2 quadrillion British thermal units in 2018. Fossil fuel energies – additional informationFossil fuels are hydrocarbon-containing natural resources formed from the remains of dead plants or animals that have been subject to immense pressure from a buildup of layers over millions of years. There are three major forms of fossil fuels: coal, oil, and natural gas which were considered the world's primary energy source since the Industrial Revolution in the 18th century. The energy demand in the United States is largely covered by fossil fuels. In 2017, the U.S. generated approximately 4.02 trillion kilowatt hours of electricity. About 82% of the electricity generated was from fossil fuels and nuclear resources. Petroleum is one of the county’s main energy sources with more than 36 quadrillion British thermal units consumed in 2017. The liquid is predominantly used in the transportation sector. Despite its prominent use over the last few centuries, fossil fuels are finite resources and burning these fuels can harm the environment. Under the threat of climate change, the pollution caused by fossil fuels has put the industry under scrutiny. Burning any fossil fuels produces carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas which contributes to global warming. The volume of global energy-related carbon dioxide emissions has steadily risen over the last few decades, from 15.54 gigatons in 1975 to 33.14 gigatons in 2018. There are several alternative resources that can supply clean energy, including water, biomass, wind, geothermal and solar energy. These renewable energy sources are slowly becoming more efficient and are argued to be competitive with fossil fuels as a means to cover global energy needs. 
 In 2018, the telecommunications company AT&T had just over 268 thousand employees, which is a slight increase compared to the previous year. This makes AT&T the largest employer in the U.S. telecommunications industry today, ahead of Verizon, T-Mobile U.S. and Sprint. AT&T’s workforce While the multinational corporation has employees in 59 countries, the vast majority (roughly 80 percent) is employed in the United States; its home market. Not only is AT&T the largest employer in the telecom industry in the United States, it is also the largest company headquartered in Texas, employing roughly 80 thousand more people than the runner-up, Keller Williams (180,000). As a global employer, the company strives for workforce diversity and provides information on the makeup of its workforce. In 2018 almost 45 percent of U.S. employees were persons of color, while a third of employees worldwide were female in 2018. AT&T’s revenue In terms of revenue, AT&T was in the lead in 2018 with roughly 170 billion U.S. dollars, once again surpassing other major telecommunications providers. The distribution of employees is proportionate to the revenue generated each year. In 2018, about 90 percent of the global total revenue was earned in the United States alone, AT&T’s home market. 
 In 2018, pizza chain Papa John’s had a total of approximately 5,303 restaurants worldwide, up from 5,199 the previous year. This figure has been steadily growing for 12 years. Papa John’s place in the U.S. market Papa John’s ranked in fourth place in terms of U.S. sales when compared to competitors such as Domino’s Pizza, Pizza Hut and Little Caesars. Additionally, when ranked against other quick service restaurants unit numbers Papa John’s placed in the top 20 leading U.S. chain, however, when compared to its fellow pizza chains in the ranking it had the lowest number of units with 3,199. Pizza chain preferences among Americans The Kentucky-based quick service restaurant chain serves as a go-to-place for many U.S. consumers. In a survey conducted in April 2018 aimed at identifying the favorite pizza chain of Americans, Papa John’s received a Composite Loyalty Score of 45 percent. The Composite Loyalty Score was calculated by averaging consumer satisfaction ratings of their most recent dining experience and their likelihood to recommend that brand. While 45 percent of respondents were showed ‘loyalty’ to Papa John’s, the chain was still beaten by three other competitors, including Pizza Ranch which ranked top with a Composite Loyalty Score of 64 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Phoenix Suns games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 53.68 U.S. dollars. 
 As of the third quarter of 2019, it was found that 37 percent of Instagram users in the United States accessed the photo sharing app several times a day. A further 22 percent of respondents claimed that they used Instagram on a daily basis. 
 This statistic ranks the global monthly per-app revenue according to global app developers as of November 2015. According to the industry survey, 55 percent of responding app developers earned 1,000 U.S. dollars or less in a month per app. Only one percent of respondents generated more than 500,000 U.S. dollars in monthly app revenues. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of International Workplace Group (IWG), formerly Regus, worldwide from 2011 to 2018. In 2018, IWG generated a revenue of 3.22 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. In 2016, Regus changed its holding company to IWG but hold the Regus name as their brand. 
 This statistic shows the most popular Google search queries in the United States in 2019, based on an index value. During the measured period, "You" was the most popular search query on the search engine. "Weather" was ranked second, reaching a relative search volume of 83% compared to the first-ranked item on the list. 
 The statistic depicts the total value of the TV broadcasting deals of the English Premier League in Asia by country in the period from 2013 to 2016. TV deals of the Premier League in Singapore have a total value of 297 million U.S. dollars in that timeframe. 
 The statistic shows the household penetration of digital cameras in the United States from 2013 to 2016. In 2014, 66 percent of the households in the United States owned a digital camera. 
 This statistic depicts a ranking of the top 10 U.S. non-profit hospitals based on gross revenue in 2013. In that year, the Cedars-Sinai Medical Center in Los Angeles, California, was ranked third in the United States, with a gross revenue of approximately 10.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in Russia from 2014 to 2018 in relation to gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of Russia amounted to about 14.61 percent of gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Cuba from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, 2.25 percent of the total labor force in Cuba was unemployed. 
 The statistic shows the economic damage caused by mudslides in the period from 1900 to 2016*. The mudslide in Peru in 1983 caused an economic loss of almost 989 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Ethiopia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ethiopia's real gross domestic product grew by around 7.71 percent compared to the previous year. 
 As of September 2019, 80.64 percent of mobile users accessed the Amazon app, making it the most popular mobile lifestyle and shopping apps in the United States. Walmart had a mobile audience reach of 46.1 percent among mobile U.S. audiences. 
 This statistic represents the number of passenger cars involved in fatal crashes in the United States from 1995 through 2017. In 2017, there were over 21,000 passenger cars crashes in the United States. While the number of registered passenger cars in the United States decreased between 2011 and 2017, the number of passenger cars involved in fatal crashes concurrently increased by approximately 2,500 cars. 
 This graph shows the growth in the U.S. export volume of trade goods to the European Union (EU) from 1997 to 2019. In 2019, U.S. exports to the EU amounted to 337.02 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the market share of soft drink companies in Turkey in 2010, based on sales value. In that year, Coca Cola's market share in Turkey amounted to 32.3 percent. The leading 3 soft drink companies in Turkey had a market share of 45.3 percent. 
 This statistic presents the distribution of cyber stalking victims in 2013, by age group. According to cases handled by cyber harassment support group WHOA, 38 percent of reporting victims were between 18 and 30 years old. 
 This statistic shows the leading trends in technology in restaurants in the United States as forecasted by professional chefs for 2015. During the survey, 29 percent of the respondents stated that tablet computers (e.g. iPad) for menus, wine lists and ordering was the hottest technology trend in restaurants in 2015. 
 This statistic shows the client retention rates of leading public relations agencies as of March 2019. According to this study, Ink Link Marketing, whose clients include Tahoe Joe's and MIC Food, had the highest client retention rate of 98 percent, but came in seventh in overall rankings. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Bulgaria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Bulgaria amounted to around 9,313.83 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, the population of cattle and calves in the United Kingdom was approximately 9.61 million, a slight decrease from the previous year. This was the lowest number for the entire period shown in this graph. Despite a small rebound in 2014 and 2015 this constitutes a slow long-term decline of herd sizes. Beef production In 2018, two million animals that can be considered prime cattle were slaughtered. Older adult animals and calves amounted for slightly over 800,000 slaughtered animals. The average prime cattle carcass weighted 350 kilograms in 2018. As of the 6th of July 2019, prices for deadweight prime cattle reached a low of 327.5 p/kg. It is likely that more environmentally conscious and ethically minded consumers, which drive the trend for an increased demand of plant-based food, are responsible for the currently low price, which is decidedly under the five-year average. Environmental impact Beef consistently ranks among the most environmentally damaging food products. It produces the highest acidifying emissions per gram of protein, the most eutrophying (over enriching water with nutrients and minerals) emissions per gram of protein and requires the most water per ton of meat. Only lambs and sheep use more land per 100 grams of protein produced than cows. Both meat types have a higher CO² footprint than any other food. The enteric fermentation of the cows is the primary source for their greenhouse gas emissions. Emissions amounted to 16.8 million tons of CO² equivalent in the UK in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the leading countries in contemporary art turnover in 2017/2018. Between 1 July 2017 to 30 June 2018, contemporary art turnover in the United Kingdom amounted to almost 545 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Morocco from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 62.45 percent of Morocco's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Urbanization in Morocco Like many countries around the world, Morocco is reporting growing urbanization figures, which means that an increasing number of Moroccans are moving to the cities and urban areas. In 2005, Morocco’s population was around 55.13 percent urban, however, over the course of ten years, the urban population had increased by 5 percent to 60.2 percent as of 2015. There are three major environmental zones in Morocco, and the majority of the population lives in the region which includes the coastal plains and plateaus. The desert and mountainous regions of the country are less populated. The largest city is Casablanca, which is located on the Atlantic Coast on the Chawiya Plain. Casablanca has about 3.3 million inhabitants. The country's capital, Rabat, is also locatzed on the Atlantic Coast, but much smaller with only about 600,000 inhabitants. The population of Morocco is growing at a faster rate than most developed nations, butthe growth rate is still significantly lower than that of the rest of Africa. Currently, Morocco has a population growth rate of around 1.39 percent, and the fertility rate is at around 2.5 children per woman. In total, Morocco has around 35 million inhabitants. Life expectancy is also slightly lower than average at around 74 years of age. 
 This graphic shows a list of the countries that female residents rated as the safest to walk around in alone at night. In Georgia, 90 percent of women surveyed said that they felt safe walking around the streets at night alone. 
 As of September 2019, Facebook Messenger was the most popular mobile messenger app in the United States with 106.4 million unique U.S. users. Snapchat ranked second with an audience of almost 45.98 million users. As of that period, Facebook Messenger had a 57 percent mobile audience reach in the United States. Mobile messaging Mobile communications through messenger or chat apps is one of the leading online activities. The most-downloaded communication apps in the United States include WhatsApp, Facebook Messenger (and its less data-intense version, Messenger Lite) and Telegram. In March 2019, WhatsApp had over 70 million global downloads from the Google Play Store. During a November 2018 survey, it was found that 34 percent of U.S. adults had used one messaging service in the past month, and only four percent had used six services or more. Snapchat Snapchat is also one of the leading mobile messaging apps in the United States. The app, which focuses on multimedia messaging with photos and short video clips, is especially popular with teenage audiences. In spring 2019, it was found that Snapchat was the most important social network for 41 percent of U.S. teens. In 2018, there were almost 80 million Snapchat users in the United States and this figure is projected to increase to 78.1 million users in 2023. 
 China is by far the largest installer of wind power capacity in the world, more than doubling the second-ranked United States. As of 2018, China had cumulatively installed over 216.87 gigawatts of wind energy, in comparison to 96.4 gigawatts of wind energy installed in the United States. Worldwide, cumulative capacity of installed wind energy reached 596.6 gigawatts in 2018, a generous increase over the last decades. The potential of wind energy around the world is immense, and wind power can often be accessed from remote places, as seen in the rise of offshore wind energy. What is wind energy? Electricity can be generated by harnessing the kinetic energy created by air in motion. Wind hits the blades, rotating the turbines that are connected to a generator, and shifts kinetic energy to rotational energy and eventually to electricity. This electricity is then transformed to meet the grid’s voltage levels. The amount of power that can be generated from wind turbines generally depends on the size of the turbines and length of the blades as well as wind speeds. Over the years, wind energy technologies have developed to accommodate much higher rated capacities and have grown in size to match. Offshore wind Offshore wind power refers to wind farms that stand within bodies of water, often in the ocean. These offshore wind speeds tend to be faster than on land and tend to be steadier, thus presenting a higher generation potential as well as more reliable energy source. However, offshore wind farms tend to be more expensive to build and maintain than onshore wind farms due to the difficulties of building robust turbines to withstand heavy winds and in deep ocean waters. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Oakland Raiders games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 87.78 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey conducted in the United States in 2019 on how long the respondents thought the feeling of love could last in a relationship. According to 77 percent of respondents, the feeling of love in a relationship can last a lifetime. 
 This statistic displays the number of opposite-gender marriages in Spain from 2006 to 2018. During the period under consideration, the highest peak took place in 2006 with a total number of approximately 203 thousand heterosexual unions. The tendency in the upcoming years was downward, and the lowest point was reached in 2013, with figures showing figures of 153 thousand opposite-gender unions. These numbers picked up in the following years and stood at approximately 163 thousand heterosexual marriages in 2018. Spain's age at first marriage is one of the highest in Europe, with a national average of 37.82 years old for men and 35.01 for women. Same-sex marriage in Spain Spain legalized same-sex marriage (matrimonio igualitario in Spanish) in 2005, thus becoming the third country in the world to allow same-sex couples to marry after the Netherlands and Belgium. The number of same-sex nuptials stood at approximately 4.6 thousand in 2018, with figures looking very similar for marriages between women and marriages between men. While marriages between women grew steadily since same-sex marriages was legalized, the trend for men behaved differently, with marriages booming in 2005 and dropping thereafter only to pick up in recent years. The number of same-sex marriages was significantly lower than that of opposite-sex couples throughout the entire period under review. Divorce numbers in Spain When love does not work out, some married couples may seek to put an end to their wedlock by getting a divorce. This was the case for nearly one hundred thousand couples in 2017, as recorded by the latest reports. The number of marriages terminated by divorce in Spain decreased over the last few years, although it maintained steadily above 95 thousand throughout. 2006 registered the highest number of divorces in Spain during this period at roughly 127 thousand divorces. In contrast, 2013 recorded the lowest point of the period considered, with approximately 95.5 thousand cases. 
 This statistic displays the number of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) units in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2000 to 2014. In 2014 there were 467 MRI scanners in the UK, an increase from 2013. 
 In 2019, the German drug store chain Rossman opened their store number four thousand. For the past ten years the number of Rossmann stores in Germany have seen a continuous growth. In 2018, their numbers reached 2,150 stores. The company’s other stores are situated across multiple Eastern European countries. Outside of Germany, Poland has the largest number of the Rossmann stores with over 1.3 thousand. The company has been expanding its presence for several years in all markets it has been active in. The wider Rossman company The drug store company, whose complete name is Dirk Rossman GmbH, was founded by Dirk Roßmann in 1972, with the opening of a single store in Hannover. By now the company’s total revenue amounts to 9.46 billion euro (6.66 billion in Germany alone) and it serves on average 1.8 million German customers every day. The company is still 60 percent family owned. Rossmann’s main competitor The company’s biggest competitor is the dm-drogerie markt GmbH & Co. KG or dm for short. Even though the company’s store numbers are below those of Rossman, the company surpassed Rossman’s revenue by over a billion euros. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the New Orleans Saints, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the New Orleans Saints was 441 million U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of coffee (green beans) in the United States from 2000 to 2015. The U.S. per capita consumption of coffee (green beans) amounted to about 10.2 pounds in 2015. 
 This statistic shows the number of total firearms manufactured in the United States from 1986 to 2017. In 2017, around 8.32 million firearms were manufactured in the U.S. 
 This statistic shows the revenue and net income of biotechnology company Biogen from 2007 to 2019. Biogen Inc. is a Massachusetts-based biotech company, specialized in drugs for neurological disorders, autoimmune disorders and cancer. In 2019, Biogen generated revenues worth around 14.4 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives information on the number of available apps in the Apple App Store since July 2008. As of January 2017, 2.2 million mobile apps were available to download for various iOS devices. Apple App Store – additional information The Apple App Store allows users to browse and download applications to their iPhone, iPod Touch, of iPad. Apple’s App Store was first launched in July 2008. By measuring the cumulative number of apps downloaded from the Apple App Store. In April 2009, Apple reported a cumulative 1 billion downloads from its App Store. This figure has continued to rise ever since and as of September 2016, there were an estimated 140 billion downloads made worldwide. Apple’s App Store offers a variety of categories to its users, including health and fitness, music and reference apps. The most popular Apple App Store categories in March 2017, as a share of available apps on the platform are as follows; games proved to be the most popular during that month with a 25.04 percent share. Business apps were ranked second with a 9.88 percent share and educational apps came third with a 8.47 percent share. At the other end of the list, shopping apps only accounted for 1.29 percent of available apps. However, retail apps have one of the largest audience reaches with retail app revenues have been increasing due to mobile shopping usage. 
 This statistic shows the number of licensed dentists in Canada as of January 2013, by province. As of that time, there were about 21 thousand dentists in Canada in total, of which almost nine thousand were practicing in Ontario. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey, conducted in December 2018 in the United States, on Americans' New Year's resolutions for 2019. During the survey, 51 percent of respondents said their resolution for 2019 is to save money, while 48 percent would like to lose weight. 
 This statistic shows the total raisin production worldwide from 2010/2011 to 2017/2018, as well as a projection for 2018/2019. In 2017/2018, a total of 1,149,402 metric tons of raisins were produced worldwide. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Sweden from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Sweden's gross domestic product had amounted to around 556.07 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the per capita consumption volume of biscuits in selected countries in Europe in 2015. The United Kingdom (UK) has the highest per capita consumption volume of biscuits at 13.6 kilograms per person per year, followed by Italy at 10.5 kilograms. The United Kingdom has an excessively high consumption level of biscuits with a value of almost double the amount of the country in third position, France, who consume a volume of approximately 7.6 kilograms. 
 The quarterly volume of collected household waste electrical and electronic equipment (WEEE) has varied since 2013. Volumes peaked during 2016, with 150,993 metric tons collected in the second quarter. In the first quarter of 2019, 122,404 metric tons was collected. The UK is one of the biggest producers of WEEE in the world. Types of e-waste WEEE, often referred to as e-waste, is electronic products such as phones, computers and lights that are discarded at the end of their useful life. Large household appliances such as fridges, microwaves, and washing machines make up the largest volume of the nation’s e-waste. In the 1st quarter of 2019, 45,640 metric tons was collected, which was the most collected since the 2nd quarter of 2017. E-Waste a growing problem E-waste is one of the fastest growing waste streams in the world, and there are health concerns over the way it is disposed of. Large amounts are exported to developing countries. With a lack of proper waste management, electronics are often burnt, resulting in the likely contamination of soil, water and food. 
 The statistic shows the player expenses (payroll) of the Real Salt Lake club of Major League Soccer by player in 2019. Albert Rusnak received a salary of two million U.S. dollars. 
 Reportable sales of Jack in the Box restaurants have been on downward trajectory in recent times, declining from almost 1.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2011 to around 336.81 million U.S. dollars in 2019. This figure only includes sales of franchises owned by the franchise’s parent company, Jack in the Box Inc. Jack in the Box Jack in the Box is a quick service restaurant chain founded in 1951 in San Diego, where it is still headquartered today. As of 2019, there were just over 2,200 restaurants primarily located on the U.S. West Coast. The vast majority of these stores are franchised, with only 137 being company-owned. The number of company-owned stores has declined steadily from around 629 in 2011, accounting for the above decline in reportable sales. When franchises are included total sales have been consistent, while the company’s operating income has increased in every year except 2018 over this period. Fast food franchises in the U.S. Subway is by far the most common franchised fast food restaurant in the U.S., with almost 26,000 establishments in 2017. One likely reason for this is the lower cost of franchising a Subway restaurant compared to other major franchises. In 2018 the initial investment costs for a Subway franchise were around 342,000 U.S. dollars – much less than the 2.2 million U.S. dollars needed to establish the second most common franchise, McDonalds. 
 In 2018, Allstate generated revenues of approximately 39.82 billion U.S. dollars. Their revenues have been trending upward since 2008 when their revenues amounted to 29.39 billion U.S. dollars. Allstate: a background Allstate is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois and is a publicly held insurance company. They offer homeowners insurance, auto insurance, life insurance as well as financial planning and investment services. The value of their earned premiums has been rising over the past decade, which matches the trend of their revenues. They were one of the largest property and casualty insurance companies in the world in terms of revenue in 2017. Allstate’s market standing Allstate is the second largest homeowner insurance company in the U.S. in terms of direct premiums written, after State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance. They’re also one of the top private passenger auto insurers in the country and wrote direct premiums worth more than 20 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. 
 In 2018 Germany's share of total contributions to the budget of the European Union was 20.78 percent, the highest of any EU member state. Only three other member states contributed more than ten percent to the EU budget, France (15.58 percent) the United Kingdom (11.88 percent) and Italy (11.74 percent). The small island-nation of Malta contributed the least to the EU budget, at 0.08 percent. Largest economies in Europe The amount which EU member states contribute to the EU budget is heavily linked to the size of its economy. Germany, for example, has the largest economy in the whole of Europe, with Gross domestic product reaching almost 3.4 trillion Euros in 2018. Britain and France have the second and third largest economies in Europe with GDPs of 2.39 and 2.35 trillion euros respectively. UK Rebate The amount which the United Kingdom contributes to the European Union budget was a key issue during the Brexit referendum of 2016. Prior to the referendum, the “Leave” campaign famously claimed that the UK sends the EU 350 million British pounds a week, a figure which omitted the rebate which the UK receives from the EU as well as public sector receipts. As of 2018, the UK contributed approximately 8.93 billion to the EU budget and received 8.52 billion back. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Japan from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the gross domestic product of Japan amounted to around 4.97 trillion U.S. dollars. This makes Japan third in the world GDP ranking. For comparison, the GDP of China had amounted to 8.39 trillion U.S. dollars in 2012, marking the second-largest economy in the world. Gross domestic product of Japan Japan has one of the highest gross domestic products (GDP) per capita, one of the lowest inflation rates, and ranks among the top three countries in terms of the largest overall GDP. This economic powerhouse has managed to maintain control of its inflation rate, keeping it below three percent since at least 2004. Despite the worldwide recession in 2008 and 2009 and a dip in the growth rate of the GDP, Japan managed to maintain positive growth in the GDP itself. Japan is disadvantaged, however, when it comes to natural resources. A large amount of the landmass of Japan is human-occupied, leaving little in terms of husbandry or agriculture. It has become a highly urbanized country and employs very little of its workforce in agriculture, choosing instead to focus on its services sector. The population of Japan is aging, providing a rocky economic forecast for years ahead. As the baby boomer generation starts to retire, they will leave more job openings than there will be workers to fill them. The government will have to work to provide retirement pensions for a growing amount of people, although if current trends persevere, there will be fewer people left paying taxes to fund the pensions. 
 In 2019, the issues believed by the global exhibition industry to be most important were economic, with 24 percent of survey respondents citing the economy in their home market, and 19 percent citing global economic developments, as the most important issue for the industry. The exhibition industry The exhibition industry is a somewhat broad concept, including all organized events to present or display a selection of some type of item. At one end of the spectrum this includes public exhibitions of art or history in a gallery or museum, while at the other end are trade fairs, where goods and services associated with a specific industry are exhibited to invited guests only. Despite the variations both sides of the industry are business-focused – the most popular art exhibitions can attract upwards of a million visitors, while the trade fair industry generated global revenues of over 30 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. Trade fairs In many respects, the challenges facing the trade show industry are more complex than that facing the art and history exhibitions, given the restricted supply of items to be exhibited for the latter. Technological developments such as digital advertising social media may reduce the need for physical shows to create product awareness – although the two are not mutually exclusive, as the internet can also be used to promote exhibitions. The face-to-face nature of trade shows also provides a unique opportunity for networking. Interestingly, while the trade fair industry is largest in the United States, the largest trade fair organizers tend to be European companies. 
 This statistic shows the top 25 countries in the world with the largest number of Jewish population in 2010. In 2010, there were living about 5.7 million Jews in the United States. 
 The statistic displays the production of cement in Malaysia from 2013 to 2019, in million metric tons. In 2019, approximately 16.1 million metric tons of cement were produced in Malaysia. 
 The statistic shows the budget balance in Greece from 2014 to 2018, with projections until 2024. A positive value indicates a state surplus; a negative value, a budget deficit. In 2018, the budget surplus of Greece was around 1.77 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Ohio from 2000 to 2018. For instance, 13.9 percent of Ohio's population lived below the poverty line in 2018. 
 In 2019, the population of Singapore stood at approximately 5.7 million. The total population included both the resident and non-resident population. The resident population of Singapore comprised of both citizens and permanent residents. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Sweden from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Sweden amounted to approximately 10.23 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Brazil from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, there were 95.2 million social network users in Brazil, up from 90.3 million users in 2017. 
 The graph presents information on the average internet download speed in Canada as of March 2018, broken down by province. In the measured period, the average download speed in New Brunswick amounted to nearly 39.6 Mbps. 
 As one of the biggest sports leagues in America with TV viewers reaching into the millions, Major League Baseball can afford to pay its players handsomely. The average salary for a player in the MLB stood at 4.36 million U.S. dollars in 2019. While this represented a small drop on the figure from 2018, it still marks an almost twofold increase on the average salary in 2003. Highs and lows of MLB salaries While the stars of every MLB team take home millions every year, there is still a minimum player salary in place to ensure that all players are compensated for their efforts. The 2019 MLB minimum player salary was set at 555 thousand U.S. dollars, a significant increase on the minimum of 300 thousand U.S. dollars in 2003. The annual player salaries also vary widely from team to team – while players of the Oakland Athletics take home an average of 2.09 million U.S. dollars yearly, players for the San Francisco Giants pocket an average of 7.38 million U.S. dollars. The winners of the 2018 World Series, the Boston Red Sox, rewarded their players with an average annual salary of 6.45 million U.S. dollars. The league’s top earnersThe highest earner in the MLB in 2019 was the starting pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Stephen Strasburg. The 30-year-old three-time All-Star took home an annual salary of 38.33 million U.S. dollars in the 2019 season. Due to their prominent role on the team, it is unsurprising that the second highest earning player in the MLB is also a pitcher. Washington Nationals’ Max Scherzer earned a salary of 37.41 million U.S. dollars during the 2019 season. The highest non-pitcher on the list was Miguel Cabrera in sixth spot. The Venezuelan first baseman for the Detroit Tigers took home a salary of 30 million U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 The statistic shows headphone brands ownership share in the United States in 2017 according to a Statista survey. 30 percent of respondents said that they own Sony headphones. 
 This statistic shows big-5 league soccer clubs ranked by combined transfer fee spending from 2010 to 2016. In the period from 2010 to 2016, Manchester City spent over 1 billion euros on transfer fees. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Minnesota Vikings, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Minnesota Vikings was 427 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents a sales forecast for eye care product Restasis in the United States between 2014 and 2025. It is expected that Restasis will generate around 2.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2023. 
 The statistic depicts the gate receipts of the Dallas Cowboys, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2010 to 2018. In the 2018 season, the gate receipts of the Dallas Cowboys were at 108 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Detroit Lions, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Detroit Lions was 385 million U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Minnesota Twins games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 32.68 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic illustrates the per capita consumption of paper and board in the United States from 2003 to 2016. In 2015, the per capita consumption of paper and board in the United States amounted to 481 pounds. 
 In 2019, Ford Fiesta was the best selling car model at 77,833 units. Currently in its seventh generation, it was first sold in 1979 and had been popular with UK consumers from the beginning. Two years after its introduction on the market, the Ford Fiesta Mk1 had already reached the peak of the most sold supermini cars. As seen in this statistic, three of the leading ten car models were produced by Ford, with the car manufacturer pushing ahead of Volkswagen, the only other manufacturer with more than one entry. In terms of car sales in the UK, by far the most profitable month for Ford was March, when the it had sold 40,755 units. Supermini still most popular car type This statistic shows that smaller and more compact cars still proved the most successful with customers. Superminis remain the most common car type in the country, though its popularity has been declining since 2015. Dual purpose and lower medium cars had seen the most significant growth in recent years, which is also reflected in the list of best selling cars – three entries are compact SUVs, while only two other entries are classified as supermini cars. New car registrations in decline Despite an increase in new car registrations following the recession, figures have been decreasing again since 2017. Uncertainty over Brexit and shortage in supply due to new emissions testing schemes were deemed responsible for this development. Forecasts suggest a continued decline, however the current political climate makes it difficult for the industry to offer conclusive predictions. 
 This graph shows the reported murder and non-negligent manslaughter rate in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the nationwide rate was 5.0 cases per 100,000 of the population. 
 This statistic shows the economic contribution of the travel and tourism industry in the United Kingdom (UK) across various areas in 2017. Direct contribution to GDP amounted to 93.5 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. sales growth of premium wineries from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, sales from premium wineries in the United States grew by 7.2 percent compared to the previous year. Wine industryWine is classified as alcoholic beverage which goes well with a large variety of occasions: some often choose to serve this classy drink as an aperitif, others see wine as a perfect accompaniment to a multi-course meal, and others again prefer drinking wine while spending time with friends or family. Wine is made from fermented grapes or other fruits. Due to the conditions needed by the fruit that make it, wine requires special climate conditions: wine cultivating areas have to meet requirements and provide a moderate climate, the right amount of sunshine hours and fertile soils. Traditionally, the cultivation of Champagne, an exclusive sparkling wine, is limited to the Champagne region of France. However, some countries use the term also for general sparkling wines not originating from that region. The latest wine production figures listed Italy, France and Spain as the leading wine producing countries worldwide. The United States was ranked fourth, where wine production is primarily concentrated in California. 
 This table ranks the 50 states of the United States and the District of Columbia by their unemployment rate in 2018. In 2018, Alaska had the highest unemployment rate in the United States with 6.6 percent. 
 The statistic depicts the average annual boating days* by boat type in the U.S. in 2013. Bass boats accounted for 10.2 average annual boating days among boating participants in the U.S. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Carolina Hurricanes from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Carolina Hurricanes amounted to 128 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for San Antonio Spurs games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 45.88 U.S. dollars. 
 First released in July 2013, DOTA 2 is a multiplayer online battle arena that was created as a sequel to Defense of the Ancients (DotA). Published by Valve Corporation, which is also the creator of the gaming platform Steam, DOTA 2 reached its record high peak concurrent player number in March 2016 at nearly 1.29 million gamers playing at the same time. In the last measured month, January 2020, the game peaked at over 614 thousand concurrent players. One of the biggest games on SteamWith the number of monthly active users of DOTA 2 regularly exceeding 11 million, the game is one of the most popular on offer on the Steam platform. DOTA 2 was the second most played game on Steam in 2018, beaten only by PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds in terms of peak number of concurrent players and hourly average number of players. Big money to be won at DOTA 2 tournaments As with a lot of the most popular shooter games on PC and console, there is serious money to be won by players who are at the top of their game in DOTA 2. The cumulative DOTA 2 tournament prize pool worldwide in 2018 stood at a cool 41.4 million U.S. dollars. The biggest DOTA 2 tournament is the The International championship, which took place in Vancouver, Canada in 2018. The prize pool for the eighth edition of The International was 25.53 million U.S. dollars, the largest prize pool to date. With such big sums at stake, it is no surprise that viewers watch in their millions to find out who will come out on top. Some 15 million viewers tuned in to The International in 2018 to watch Europe-based team, OG, take home the big prize. 
 As of 2019, the Luxembourg national men’s football team was ranked 96th on the FIFA World Ranking and had an average position of 133 since the World Ranking creation. The best position the country held was in 2017 with an 83rd position, whereas the lowest ranking was in 2006 when the national team was placed 186th. The Luxembourg national women’s team was ranked 113th in 2019. This is a decrease compared to the previous year, when the national team was placed 104th. Market value BGL Ligue Luxembourg The highest football division in Luxembourg is called the BGL Ligue (formerly called Nationaldivisioun), with BNP Paribas as the main sponsor. F91 Dudelange was the most successful club since the start of the Millennium with 15 league titles. The club from the city of Dudelange had a total market value of approximately 4.2 million euros in 2019. Other football teams in Luxembourg, such as FC Progrès Niederkorns, had market value of 2.13 million euros, whereas CS Fola Esch from Esch-sur-Alzette reached a value of 1.78 million euros. Player market values of BGL Ligue Luxembourg 31-year old defensive midfielder Azrack Mahamat from FC Blue Boys Mühlenback and Charles Morren from F91 Dudelange had both a market value of 300,000 euros in the BFL Ligue in 2019, which led to a number one position in the leading 25 players with the highest market value. Current league champion F91 Dudelange had ten players with the highest market values, whereas FC Progrès Niederkorns delivered five players. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual household expenditure per consumer unit in the United States from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, the average annual expenditures of American households amounted to about 61,224 U.S. dollars per year. 
 This timeline depicts the number of employees in the U.S. apparel manufacturing industry from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, there were an average of around 110,370 employees that were part of the apparel manufacturing industry in the United States. 
 The South Korean K-pop boyband BTS, also known as the Bangtan Boys sold around 2.7 million copies of their albums up until 2017. The boyband is known as the biggest boyband in South Korea and has fans all over the globe. The BTS phenomenon BTS, also known as ‘Bangtan Boys’ (or Bangtan Sonyeondan in Korean), formed in 2010 and had their debut in 2013. Quickly after their debut, the seven-member K-Pop boyband became one of the biggest bands in the country, which ultimately led to international success. The group went on seven world tours, released three concert movies in cinemas all over the world, and broke several records on a national and international basis. Their fanbase, known as “A.R.M.Y.”, is known for being one of the most active fan clubs on social media. Because of their international success, BTS has been awarded the Order of Cultural Merit by president Moon Jae-In. K-pop idol culture K-pop, short for South Korean popular music, is a genre of pop music originating in South Korea. While the term describes songs of a variety of music styles, it developed an “idol culture” that proved to be successful both in South Korea and around the globe. K-pop idols are famous for being good-looking, fashionable, and highly trained in both singing and dancing. Music videos are often colorful and feature powerful dance choreographies. Individuals that are hoping to become a K-pop idol sign with agencies, preferably one of the leading companies, and dedicate years into their training before they might be able to debut in a boy- or a girl group. Due to high standards in the industry, K-pop labels are known to enforce strict rules on both trainees as well as idols. 
 This statistic shows the total number of passengers uplifted by EasyJet Airline Company Ltd between 2008 and 2018. EasyJet is the UK's biggest airline in terms of number of passengers and is based at Luton airport. In 2017 easyJet UK Ltd joined the easyJet Airline Company Ltd Group. EasyJet's passenger numbers have been steadily increasing and over this period grew from 37.6 million passengers uplifted in 2008 to 78.4 million passengers in 2018. 
 In fiscal year 2019, the Japanese chat app company LINE Corporation generated more than 227 billion Japanese yen in consolidated sales revenues, up from about 207 billion yen in the previous fiscal year. The number of monthly active users in Japan during this quarter amounted to approximately 83 million people. 
 This statistic shows the number of H&M stores closed in 2019, by country. In the United States, 13 H&M stores were closed in 2019. H&M is a Swedish clothing manufacturer and retailer, based in Stockholm, Sweden. 
 This graph shows the percentage of female employees in the hotel and restaurant industry in 2010. Latin America has 58.5 percent female employees. 
 This graph depicts the number of ski areas operating in the U.S. during the 2018/2019 winter season, per state. During that season, there were three operating ski areas in Arizona. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in the Philippines from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the amount of Facebook users in the Philippines was expected to reach 49.9 million, up from 41.2 million in 2016. Further information With more than 2 billion monthly active users, Facebook is the most popular social network worldwide. Popular activities on the social network include watching videos, liking content via button, reading articles and messaging friends on 1-1 basis. In July 2016, Facebook Messenger surpassed one billion monthly active users, placing it directly next to Facebook-owned competitor WhatsApp. Facebook successfully managed the transition from social network to mobile social platform, nearing one billion monthly active users and with mobile accounting for 77 percent of the social network’s total advertising revenue in 2015. Mobile is also the keyword regarding the online market in the Philippines; in 2014, 41.28 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2021, this figure is projected to amount to 66.64 million mobile phone internet users. As of July 2016, the internet penetration among the population in the Philippines was 43.5 percent. A total of 47 million users access social media via mobile on a monthly basis, making the country the second-largest Facebook market in the Southeast Asian region. The average internet connection speed in the Philippines is 3.5 Mbps, less than an eighth of market leader’s, South Korea’s, average speed of 29 Mbps. The Philippines also ranked second in terms of internet freedom in Asia according to the Freedom House Index in 2015. 
 This timeline shows the total revenue of the LVMH Group worldwide from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the total revenue of the LVMH Group worldwide was about 53.67 billion euros. The LVMH Group is a French luxury goods corporation, which owns around 50 luxury brands worldwide, including Louis Vuitton and Bulgari. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh mushrooms in the United States from 2009 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh mushrooms amounted to approximately 3.95 pounds in 2018. White mushrooms made up to 61.2 percent of U.S. mushroom sales in 2015. 
 During the year 2017, the great majority of foreign tourists coming to France were from Europe: 68.3 million people, while about 8.7 million tourists came from America. Moreover, about 40 percent of those who visited France in 2018 were residents of either the United Kingdom, Germany or Belgium and Luxembourg. Accommodation of foreign tourists in France Among foreign tourists who stayed in France in 2017, almost 400 million chose a non-commercial accommodation – meaning they stayed in second homes or with relatives and friends, while around 183 million tourists stayed in commercial accommodations such as hotels, campsites or guest houses. In the commercial accommodation industry, tourists from abroad represented almost 78 millions of nights spend in hotels that same year. Expenditure of tourists in France Total expenditure by international tourists spending they holiday in France amounted to almost 49 billion euros in 2016, an increase compared to the previous decade (37 billion euros in 2007). Alone in the Paris area, American tourists spent approximately 7.5 billion euros in 2017. 
 This statistic illustrates the apparent silver consumption in the United States from 2009 to 2019. In 2011, some 8,310 metric tons of silver were consumed in the United States. This figure decreased to less than 6,500 metric tons in 2019. 
 This time series displays the number of Denso employees worldwide from the fiscal year of 2008 to the fiscal year of 2019. In the fiscal year of 2019, the Denso Corporation employed around 172,000 people. 
 This statistic shows the job approval rating of U.S. president Donald Trump on a weekly basis during his time in office since 2017. The survey is conducted by telephone interviews among about 1,500 adults per month in the U.S. The graph shows the results for the weekly aggregate. About 49 percent of the American public approved of President Trump's doings during the week ending February 16, 2020. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Vietnam from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Vietnam was at about 16.5 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 Around 12.2 million light trucks were delivered to customers throughout the United States in 2019. That year, light trucks accounted for more than 70 percent of light vehicle sales in the United States. 
 This statistic provides information on the most popular Facebook brands from Indonesia as of November 2017. As of that month, motivational speaker Mario Teguh had 19.99 million global fans on the social network. 
 The statistic shows the share of global spam as percentage of total e-mail traffic from 2007 to 2018. In the most recently reported period, spam messages accounted for 45.3 percent of e-mail traffic worldwide, down from 59.8 percent in 2016. 
 In 2018, American tech company IBM employed around 351 thousand people worldwide, continuing a general trend of declining number of employees over the past six years since 2012. IBM has been facing declining revenues and consequently is trying to restructure its business model, which could partly explain the decreasing number of current employees. Since early 2019, IBM is facing a class action lawsuit that claims the company violated federal law against age discrimination, though IBM maintains it makes its employment decisions based on skills. Valuing employee skillset and retention In the instances of skilled employees that the company would like to retain, the tech industry is notorious for a high turnover rate of 13 percent. IBM faces this familiar tenure problem and recently advanced its artificial intelligence (AI) work devoted to the retention of its most skilled employees and purchased a patent for a ‘’predictive attrition program’’ to predict employee departure and prescribe actions to intervene. IBM’s AI has been a significant source of its research and development costs, in particular its artificial intelligence software Watson, making it one of the top five business intelligence software vendors. However, it is unclear if Watson can give IBM the revenue boost it needs, as IBM’s revenue has stagnated in recent years. 
 This statistic gives information on the distribution of worldwide social media users as of January 2017, by global region. During that period of time, 33 percent of worldwide social media users were located in East Asia, followed by 11 percent of users in Southeast Asia. Social media worldwide – additional information Social media is a global phenomenon. The diversity and location of its users is widespread. As a result of the large audience who access social media, there are a number of ways in which its usage can be analyzed. The quality and availability of devices with internet access has grown substantially in the recent past. This has affected the way that internet users around the world are accessing their favorite websites, including social media. In the third quarter of 2014, social media access around the world was determined by the device used and the results were compared with those from the fourth quarter of 2012. The results revealed that whilst access via a PC and laptop dropped slightly, mobile and tablet usage grew. In the fourth quarter of 2014, 43 percent of global users accessed social media via a mobile and 20 percent via a tablet. A ranking of the world’s leading social networks as of November 2014, ranked by the number of active users, presents some interesting results. Unsurprisingly, Facebook was ranked first. However, in second place was QZone with 645 million active users worldwide. QZone which launched in 2005 and as of 2014 was only available in Chinese. Its high ranking amongst other social networks, reveals the influence and reach of Chinese social media users compared to the rest of the world. Social media is not as widely used in some countries in comparison with China and the U.S. However, the year on year user growth of social networks has been recorded in selected countries worldwide as of May 2014. Among BRIC countries, India experienced the most growth as its number of social networks grew 39.1 percent compared to the previous year. In comparison, Russia experienced an 8.3 percent growth in its social media users during the same time period. 
 This statistic shows the number of Thanksgiving holiday travelers in the United States from 2005 to 2019. According to the source, the number of people traveling over the Thanksgiving holiday period is forecast to amount to 55.3 million in 2019. 
 In an annual survey by Sport England, the the sports governing body for England, about the number of people who play tennis, it was found that as of 2019, roughly 754,900 people play tennis at least twice a month, considering any intensity and duration. The survey was conducted online and the latest update on it was conducted for the time period between May 2018 and May 2019 with a total of 177,765 thousand respondents. Lawn Tennis AssociationTennis in England, as well as in Great Britain, the Channel Islands and the Isle of Man, is governed by the Lawn Tennis Association (LTA). With an average of about 300 employees, who work on improving participation, performance, events and governance. The LTA generates a revenue of around 60 to 65 million British pounds per year, mainly through major events such as the Wimbledon Championships. Wimbledon The Wimbledon Championships are held annually during the beginning of July and produce an aggregate attendance of up to 500 thousand visitors. The event is worked by up to six thousand staff members, mostly catering food and drinks, followed by stewards, housekeeping, umpires, ball boys and girls and other match assistants of different sorts. 
 This graph shows the poverty rate in West Virginia from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 17.8 percent of West Virginia's population lived below the poverty line. 
 The statistics shows the revenue for Madison Square Garden Company from 2012 to 2019. In 2019, Madison Square Garden Company generated a total amount of 1.63 billion U.S. dollars in annual revenue. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Haiti from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Haiti was 13.48 percent. 
 Germany is among the leading destinations for skiing in Europe. In 2019, it offered 498 ski areas for ski enthusiasts. It was also the European country with the highest number of skiing participants, with 14.6 million Germans taking part in the sport. When considering the total population, the share of people who ski in European countries was the highest in Liechtenstein and Austria as of 2019, with 36 percent of the population in either country, which comes to a much higher number in Austria due to population size. The UK: A tradition of snowsport Established in 1903 and with over 28,000 members on the books, The Ski Club is the largest and oldest snowsports membership organisation in the UK. The turnover of the organization has grown in the past several years, reaching nearly six million British pounds in 2018. In the same year, it registered gross profit of approximately 1.1 million British pounds. Off piste Freshtracks holidays were most popular among skiers. In 2018, a total of 1,365 skiers chose off piste Freshtrack holidays from Ski Club Great Britain. Weekend ski holidays were chosen by 267 skiers members of the organization. Out of all the different skiing activities, snowboarding is also done by 21 percent of skiers in the United Kingdom (UK). 
 This graph shows the presidential election turnout of South Korea from 1992 to 2017. During the eighteenth presidential election in 2017, voter turnout stood at 77.2 percent. Republic of Korea, also often referred to as South Korea, adopted the single-term system and holds its presidential election every five years. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Tunisia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Tunisia was at 34.81 percent. 
 The District of Columbia holds the record for the highest price per ounce of high quality marijuana in the United States, as of October 2019, with an average price of some 596 U.S. dollars per ounce. According to recent data, by 2021, recreational marijuana sales in the U.S. are expected to triple. Recreational cannabis use Recreational cannabis is not legal in all U.S. states; however, many consumers use the drug illicitly. A recent survey indicated that over half of U.S. adults think that cannabis should be legalized and taxed like alcohol and tobacco. Recreational cannabis is often used by consumers for relaxation, stress relief, and creativity, to name a few. Surveys have shown that a majority of recreation users use marijuana for relaxation. Legal marijuana market potential It is projected that by 2025 the sales of legal cannabis in the U.S. will generate approximately 23 billion dollars in revenue. The regulation of marijuana includes the taxation of all sales. There is potential for the U.S. cannabis market to generate significant taxes and boost the economy. It is estimated that the taxes from legal marijuana sales would exceed the taxes earned from U.S. sales taxes by a significant amount. 
 The statistic shows the net amount of electricity generated by independent power producers in the U.S. between 2005 and 2018. In 2018, independent power producers generated some 1.68 billion megawatt hours of electricity. 
 This statistic displays the share of generics in the pharmaceutical market sales value in Europe by selected countries in 2017. The generic share in the pharmaceutical industry's market sales in Denmark exceeded 31 percent in 2017. Market share of generics is higher in newer EU member states due to low levels of intellectual property protection. 
 The statistic shows Dallas Cowboys players with the most receiving yards in franchise history. Jason Witten is the career receiving leader of the Dallas Cowboys with 12,977 yards. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of the total population living in urban areas in Uganda from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, 23.77 percent of the total population of Uganda was living in cities and urban areas. 
 The statistic illustrates the number of freshwater fish owned by households in the United States from 2000 to 2017/2018. In 2017/2018, about 139.3 million freshwater fish were owned by American households. Thus, freshwater fish made up the most popular pet category in the United States, based on the total number. 
 The time series shows the operating income of Ebates from the second quarter of 2015 to the first quarter of 2019. During the last reported period, the operating income of the Rakuten-owned cashback website Ebates amounted to 9.1 million U.S. dollars. 
 As of 2019, Puerto Rican rapper Rene Perez Joglar, often known as 'Residente' and Eduardo Cabra or 'Visitante', both from the band Calle 13, had won the most Grammy Awards of all time with a total of 24 each. 
 In 2015, Deloitte LLP was the largest accounting firm in Canada, bringing in about 2.1 billion Canadian dollars in revenue that year. Deloitte Deloitte is a multinational corporation, headquartered in New York City, in the professional services industry. They provide different business services which consist of audit, tax, consulting, and financial advisory. As one of the largest accountancy firms worldwide, they generated revenue of 22.1 billion U.S. dollars in America in 2018. Not only did their Americas region bring in the most revenue, they also had the greatest number of employees working in the region. By service line, their consulting services generated about 16.5 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. The Big Four The Big Four consists of Deloitte, PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC), Ernst & Young, and KPMG. They are the four biggest professional services firms worldwide, which offer audit, assurance services, taxation, and financial advisory, among other services. As of 2018, Deloitte was the largest firm out of the four, generating 43.2 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. PwC followed, generating 41.28 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. The combined revenue of all four firms was reported at 148.28 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Broken down regionally, KMPG’s Europe, Middle East, and Africa region generated 12.98 billion U.S. dollars , Ernst & Young’s Americas region generated 15.6 billion U.S. dollars. Broken down by function, PWC generated approximately 10.45 billion U.S. dollars from their tax services. 
 The timeline depicts the per capita consumption of dried fruit in the United States from 2000/2001 to 2018/2019. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of dried fruit amounted to about 2.34 pounds in 2017/18. In contrast, Americans consumed 116.75 pounds of fresh fruit per capita in the same year. 
 This statistic shows the total assets of ExxonMobil from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, ExxonMobil's total assets amounted to approximately 346 billion U.S. dollars. ExxonMobil is a United States-based multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving, Texas. 
 This statistic shows the number of inmate deaths in federal and provincial prisons in Canada in fiscal year 2019. Five inmate deaths were classified as homicide in federal prisons in Canada in fiscal year 2019. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Papua New Guinea from 1984 to 2015, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the estimated average inflation rate in Papua New Guinea amounted to about 5.17 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic displays the total production of grain in the United States from 2001 to 2016. In 2014, total grain production came to 442.4 million metric tons. 
 The statistic shows the number of Red Lobster restaurants in the United States and Canada from 2000 to 2013. In 2013, there were 705 Red Lobster restaurants in North America. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Kansas City Chiefs from the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to 2.3 billion U.S. dollars. The Kansas City Chiefs are owned by the Lamar Hunt family, who bought the franchise in 1960. 
 This statistic illustrates the average living space of public rental housing tenants in Hong Kong in selected years from 2007 to 2019. As of March 2019, the average living space in public rental housing in Hong Kong was around 13.3 square meters per person. 
 This graph shows the real value added to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Washington in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the construction industry added 18.87 billion chained 2012 U.S. dollars of value to the state GDP. 
 This graph shows the reported property crime rate in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the nationwide rate was 2,199.5 cases per 100,000 of the population. 
 This statistic describes the global feed conversion ratio of selected meat and fish. The feed conversion ratio is defined as the amount of feed needed to increase the animal’s bodyweight by one kilogram. The highest feed conversion rate was reported for cattle with an average ratio of seven. That means, cattle needs about seven kilograms of feed to increase its bodyweight by one kilogram. 
 This statistic displays the most popular film genres in the United Kingdom (UK) as of October 2013. Of respondents 55 percent reported action or thriller. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Malaysia from 2007 to 2017. The fertility rate is the average number of children born by one woman while being of child-bearing age. In 2017, the fertility rate in Malaysia amounted to 2.02 children per woman. 
 Planning to visit the city of light? If the “Grand Paris” counts over two thousand hotels, in 2018, these hotels welcomed around 35 million tourists. So how much should one expect to pay for a standard double room? Which is the cheapest month to book a room in Paris? On average, prices vary from 120 euros to over 200 euros, depending on the month you choose to visit. August seems to be the month offering the cheapest rates throughout the year, whereas June was the priciest. In addition to this, Paris also had the seventh highest international visitor spending in the world in 2017. A room with a view? Paris has a lot to offer: iconic sights like the Notre-Dame cathedral, the Sacré-Coeur Basilica, the Louvre museum, and the Eiffel Tower are visited by millions of tourists every year. The occupancy rate of hotels in Paris reached 80 percent in 2019; therefore, booking a room in advance is advised. However, Airbnb listed nearly 60,000 rooms and apartment rentals in the city of light as of 2019. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Washington Nationals from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 336 million U.S. dollars.The Washington Nationals are owned by Ted Lerner who bought the franchise for 450 million U.S. dollars in 2006. 
 This timeline presents the vineyard surface area worldwide from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, the global vineyard surface area amounted to about 7.6 million hectares. 
 The graph shows the revenue generated through NCAA college basketball tournament ticket sales from 2000 to 2013. In 2010, revenue from ticket sales was 62.31 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows total U.S. total arms imports in 2018 expressed in TIV, by country. The TIV is based on the known unit production costs of a core set of weapons and is intended to represent the transfer of military resources rather than the financial value of the transfer. The TIV is expressed here in million constant U.S. dollars as of 1990. In 2018, the U.S. arms imports from Australia totaled to about 30 million constant (1990) U.S. dollars. The depicted import value is only an indicator and does not correspond to the actual financial value of the transfers. 
 This statistic depicts mean physician compensation in US geographical areas as of 2018. In that year, the South Central area was the U.S. region with the fourth highest mean physician compensation. Physicians in this area averagely earned some 303,000 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the average tenancy void periods for rental properties in the private rented sector in the United Kingdom (UK) from the fourth quarter of 2013 to the third quarter of 2019. Void periods constitute an important measure for the private rental markets, as they are one of the major reasons for the loss of expected rental income. They require careful planning and budgeting, to keep the time when the property is not bringing the profit to the minimum and to make sure that all necessary expenses are still covered during the void period. As these differ across the cities, towns and regions, researching of the historical data, reflecting the trends of void periods for the local area, is seen as a good way to get an understanding of long-term trends.For all of the United Kingdom, data from end of 2013 till quarter three of 2018 showed that the void periods were shortest as of the first quarter of 2015, counting on average 2.4 weeks. They grew in length to 2.7 weeks in the the last two quarters of 2016 and have stayed at that time length up until the fourth quarter of 2017. As of the third quarter of 2019, the average void period for landlords in the private rented sector amounted to 3 weeks, the highest average during the period under display. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy of women at birth in India from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, the average life expectancy of women at birth in India was about 70.43 years. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Zambia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Zambia was at approximately 7.15 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Tennessee Titans games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 86.33 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Cincinnati Reds from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Cincinnati Reds was 22,329. • Cincinnati Reds total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 Of all the players to appear in the UEFA competition since 1955, Porto Goalkeeper Iker Casillas has the highest number of appearances, taking the pitch 181 times. Most of these appearances have been for Real Madrid. Iker Casillas is followed by Cristiano Ronaldo who made 171 appearances in the UEFA. Growth of UEFA. The Union of European Football Associations (UEFA) is the administrative body for association football in Europe and parts of Asia. It is one of the six confederations of FIFA, the global governing body for football. Since its founding in June 1954, the number of national associations in UEFA grew from 25 to 55. Cristiano Ronaldo is the player with most final game goals in the UEFA Champions League. As of 2019, Ronaldo has scored four goals in final games in matches in the UEFA Champions League. Despite his success as a football player, or maybe exactly because of it, Ronaldo’s fandom in the United Kingdom (UK) is questionable. According to a survey carried out in 2018, approximately 17 percent of people in UK identify as Ronaldo fans and 39 percent as haters. In contrast, 40 percent of the respondents identify as Lionel Messi fans and just 11 percent as haters. 
 This statistic shows the high school graduation rate of Hispanic (Latino) students in the United States of the class of 2017. Data is distinguished by state. In 2017, West Virginia had the highest graduation rate for Hispanic students in the U.S. at 92 percent. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 30.58 percent of Myanmar's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Syria from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Syria was at approximately 8.18 percent. 
 The Kingdom of the Netherlands consists of the Netherlands and six Caribbean islands, that have either autonomous country status or are considered a special municipality of the Netherlands. Three islands are autonomous countries, the three others are special municipalities. The three special municipalities are Bonaire, Sint Eustatius and Saba, and together they form the Caribbean Netherlands. In 2019, roughly 25,200 people lived in the Caribbean Netherlands. The largest of the three municipalities is Bonaire, which was home to the large majority of the people living in the Caribbean Netherlands, at just over 20,000. Saba and Sint Eustatius Saba and Sint Eustatius are the two other special municipalities in the Caribbean Netherlands. Of the three municipalities, Saba is the smallest, with less than 2,000 permanent inhabitants. Roughly 3,100 people lived on Sint Eustatius. Combined, the population of these three special municipalities is still smaller than that of any of the autonomous countries in the Caribbean though. Sint Maarten, Aruba and Curacao Next to Bonaire, Saba and Sint Eustatius, there are three other Caribbean islands. These islands have the status of independent country, although they are still considered part of the larger Kingdom of the Netherlands. Of these autonomous countries, Curaçao is the largest, with roughly 160,000 inhabitants in 2018. Aruba followed, with a population of just over 111,000 in 2017. Of the autonomous countries, Sint Maarten is the smallest, with approximately 40,500 people in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the number of terrorist attacks in Afghanistan from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, a total number of 1,294 terrorist attacks were registered in Afghanistan. 
 This statistic shows the leading trends in alcohol items on restaurant menus in the United States as forecasted by professional chefs for 2018. During the survey, 66 percent of the respondents stated that craft and artisan spirits would be a "hot trend" for restaurant menus in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Kuwait from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Kuwait was at approximately 2.17 percent. 
 As of February 2019, Ontario was the Canadian province home to the most Dollar Tree stores in the whole of Canada, with 110. British Columbia and Alberta ranked in second and third places, with 49 and 37 stores respectively. At that time, there were Dollar Tree stores located in five of Canada’s ten provinces. Dollar Tree origins The discount retailer, originally known as Only $1.00, is an American chain with stores throughout both the U.S. and Canada. The retailer originated in 1953, when K.R. Perry opened a variety store in Virginia. After various name changes and expansions, the chain became known as Dollar Tree Stores in 1993. Today, the chain sells a wide range of products for $1 or less, including health and beauty items, food, cleaning supplies, toys, gifts, and many more. As of February 2019, there were over 15,000 Dollar Tree stores in operation throughout North America. Discount stores in Canada According to market share figures, Dollarama is Dollar Tree’s largest competitor within Canada. As of July 2018, there were 1,160 Dollarama stores throughout Canada, making it the discount chain with the most stores across the country. Dollar Tree ranked in fifth place with 224 stores. Walmart superstores and Winners ranked in second and third places, with 334 and 269 stores in Canada respectively at that time. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Brazil from 2014 to 2018, with a forecast through 2024. In 2019, the total population of Brazil was estimated at almost 210 million inhabitants. Population of Brazil Brazil has a surprisingly low (and decreasing) population growth rate; despite it being home to the largest number of Catholics in the world, the majority of women in Brazil use some form of contraception, which is often government-subsidized or free, even though the Catholic Church retains its stance that the use of contraceptives is inherently wrong. Within the space of just one generation, families have gone from having more than six children to having just one or two, and the share of Catholics in the population is dwindling, too. The influence of 'telenovelas' — the overwhelmingly popular soap operas often with strong women figures and fewer than three children — could also be helping shape the population’s view of what an ideal family is. The fertility rate in Brazil fell below the replacement rate in 2006 and is still decreasing. The impending population imbalance in Brazil can be seen in the decreasing lower tier of the country’s age distribution. This follows a trend similar to the one Japan and many European countries are experiencing, which are now facing the problems of providing for an aging population with fewer young and working taxpayers. The trend is not quite as extreme in Brazil, giving it time to prepare for the fallout of decreasing family size. This preparation will be important to help the country maintain its emerging economic strength, which is watched with interest by many economists who have said that Brazil’s is one to watch — thus its position as one of the pillars of the “big four” BRIC countries. 
 According to the Dutch business registry, the Netherlands gained around 600 new small and medium enterprises between early 2018 and early 2019. The source defined SME (or mkb, a Dutch abbreviation of midden- en kleinbedrijf) as a company having between two to 249 employees, as well as companies with one employee that are not classified as a freelancer/self-employed person. SMEs were the Netherlands’ second largest type of business enterprise. SMEs play an important part in the Dutch economy Dutch SMEs were responsible for an added value of roughly 220 billion euros in 2017, a higher amount than in Belgium and Luxembourg. The companies also employed more people that other business segments, as SMEs in the Netherlands accounted for roughly 3.6 million employees. Most SMEs to be found in retail According to survey results from April 2018, the most common SME sectors in the Netherlands consisted of retail or wholesale, media, arts and personal services. In the most recent quarter, however, bankruptcies in the hotel, restaurant and catering industry (often referred to as horeca in the Netherlands), saw an increase. As of the first quarter of 2019, there were approximately 80 bankruptcies in this industry. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the San Diego Padres from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 277 million U.S. dollars.The San Diego Padres are owned by Ron Fowler and Peter Seidler, who bought the franchise for 600 million U.S. dollars in 2012. 
 This statistic represents how people living in Catalonia consider themselves in terms of national or cultural identity, according to a survey carried out in February 2019. The majority of respondents considered themselves to be both Spanish and Catalan in equal measure, reaching approximately 40 percent of the total population. 
 In 2019, the harmonized inflation rate in the Netherlands was 2.7 percent. This was the highest level of inflation reached since 2012, when the inflation was at 2.8 percent. Of the three Benelux countries, the Netherlands saw the lowest inflation. In 2018, the harmonized inflation rate was 2.3 percent in Belgium. Inflation in Luxembourg was only slightly lower. HCIP forecast In the next three years, the harmonized inflation rate in the Netherlands was forecast to be between 1.4 and 2.6 percent annually. According to the European Commission forecast, the inflation rate would peak in 2019, before slightly decreasing again the next years. Inflation in the Caribbean In the Caribbean part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, inflation was considerably lower than on the European mainland. Although the inflation rate in Curaçao was 2.6 percent in 2018, in 2015 and 2016 inflation had been -0.5 and 0 percent respectively. In Sint Maarten, the inflation rate reached 0.1 percent in 2016. Finally, Aruba had negative inflation for two consecutive years in a row before increasing to 3.6 percent in 2018. 
 This statistic presents the global number of cyber security incidents from 2009 to 2015. In 2014, companies detected and reported 42.8 million IT security breaches. This number increased by 38 percent in the following year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Myanmar's real gross domestic product grew by around 6.83 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic depicts the countries with the largest number of active military personnel in Latin America and the Caribbean as of 2019. Brazil led the ranking, with 334,500 soldiers, followed by Colombia, with 295,000. 
 This statistic shows the Producer Price Index for commodities in the United States of America from January 2019 to January 2020. The Producer Price Index (PPI) program measures the average change over time in the selling prices received by domestic producers for their output. The prices included in the PPI are from the first commercial transaction for many products and some services. In January 2020, the PPI stood at 199.4. 
 From January to July of 2019, 54 murders were reportedly committed in Trinidad and Tobago's capital, Port of Spain. The number of homicides registered in this city remained relatively constant between 2016 and 2018, having decreased compared to the higher levels reported in 2014 and 2015. Still, the latest figures are not promising: the number of murders in the first half of 2019 already represents 82 percent of the number of people killed in 2018. 
 The Eurovision song contest first began in 1956 with seven countries contesting. Since its beginning, a total of 52 countries have participated in the hopes of becoming a champion. Of all the countries that have sung their lungs out for the coveted prize, Ireland have won the competition more than any. As of 2019, Ireland has taken the crown a total of seven times. Across Europe, millions of individuals tune in to watch the contest. What makes a winner? Between 1956 and 2019, solo artists have won the competition a total of 18 times. The most successful number of artists to have on stage is six. With over double the number of wins, the most successful language for singers to use is English, and if you think the Eurovision is only based on a singer's ability then you may well be wrong. It turns out wearing white has brought more victories than any other color. Eurovision participation As of 2019, a total of six European countries have participated more than sixty times in the Eurovision song contest. There does appear to be a waning in the popularity of the contest as even Germany, which traditionally has the highest viewer rates in Europe has seen an overall decline in the number of people tuning in. 
 Sports Direct accomplished an impressive feat with its revenue figures in the past few years. The British sports fashion retailer registered a revenue of about 3.7 billion British pounds in 2019, doubling what it made in 2013. The retailer’s success owes much to a number of acquisitions made under its CEO Mike Ashley, who owns the football club New Castle United besides his reputation as a retail mogul. European stores nothing short of home numbers Sports Direct is an international sports fashion retailer with stores in numerous European countries. Currently, in the UK the retailer boasts a notable number of both own-brand stores and fascias owned by the group. In the meantime, the retailer’s European businesses are catching up with the UK, with ever increasing store number operating in this market. Keen on buy-outs Sports Direct loves saving high street retailers from their financial misery. Most recently, the Group fully acquired the department store House of Fraser after the retailer went into administration in August 2018. Since then, Sports Direct’s retail portfolio extended beyond sports fashion with hints at going in the same direction as the retailer was reported to eye more buy-outs. 
 This statistic ranks the world´s largest hedge fund firms worldwide in February 2019, based on the assets they manage. The firm Bridgewater Associates was the largest hedge fund firm with assets under management worth a total of 163 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the share of global internet users who are concerned about governments censoring the internet as of November 2014, sorted by region. During the survey period it was found that 54 percent of internet users in Europe felt concerned about their governments censoring the internet. Overall, 64 percent of global internet users agreed with the statement. 
 This statistic shows the production volume of oranges in the United States from 2008 to 2018. According to the report, U.S. production of oranges amounted to approximately 3.9 million tons in 2018, down from 5.1 million tons the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the share of toy categories of the total market value in 2009. Activity toys accounted for 15.1 percent of total toys and games market revenue. 
 In 2019, the revenue per available room (or RevPAR) in the U.S. lodging industry dropped by two percent over the previous year's 2.9 percent. RevPAR within the sector is predicted to decrease by two percent in 2020. Revenue in the U.S. hotel industryThe United States hotel industry reached an average revenue per available room (RevPAR) of 86.76 U.S. dollars in 2019. The RevPAR has been growing steadily since 2009, and it was the highest value seen in the U.S. hotel industry between 2001 and 2019. RevPAR in the U.S. is typically highest in June and July, which are peak travel months. In July 2019, an available hotel room in the United States generated approximately one hundred U.S. dollars. During the summer months, U.S. hotel occupancy rates also commonly peak, and average daily rates (ADR) tend to be higher compared to other seasons. Most valuable hotel companies worldwide Hotels, such as Hilton Hotels & Resorts, Marriott, and Holiday Inn, were among the most valuable hotel brands worldwide in 2019. Marriott’s portfolio dropped to second place, giving way to the Hilton brand, which grew by 17 percent to 7.4 billion U.S. dollars in brand value. 
 In 2018, Germany was ranked the leading logistics market based on the Logistics Performance Index, with an index score of 4.19. The Logistics Performance Index measures on-the-ground trade logistics performance. The logistics market in Germany According to the logistics performance index, Germany had the highest performance in terms of infrastructure, customs and logistics competence. In 2018, Frankfurt/Main was the leading German cargo airport based on the volume of cargo, with approximately 2.2 million tons of cargo transported. In that same year, DHL was the leading Germany-based logistic company. DHL – additional information As the largest couriers and local delivery service provider, Deutsche Post DHL held 39 percent of the global market share in 2018 and generated revenue of over 61.5 billion euros. In that same year, DHL invested more than five billion euros globally and possessed total assets worth 50.5 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population of the USA in 2018, by state of residence. The state with the highest median age of its population was Maine at 45.1 years. Utah had the lowest median age (31 years). View the distribution of the U.S. population by ethnicity here. Additional information on the aging population in the United States High birth rates during the so-called baby boom years that followed World War II followed by lower fertility and morality rates have left the United States with a serious challenge in the 21st Century. However, the issue of an aging population is certainly not an issue unique to the United States. The projected development of the global population aged 65 and over between 2010 and 2050 demonstrates that Europe in particular faces a major issue. Within the United States, the uneven distribution of populations aged 65 years and over among states offers both major challenges and potential solutions. On the one hand, federal action over the issue may be contentious as other states are set to harbor the costs of elderly care in states such as California and Florida. That said, domestic migration from comparably younger states may help to fill gaps in the workforce left by retirees in others. Nonetheless, aging population issues are set to gain further prominence in the political and economic decisions made by policymakers regardless of the eventual distribution of America’s elderly. Analysis of the financial concerns of Americans by age shows many young people still decades from retirement hold strong concern over their eventual financial position. 
 Almost 43 percent of Italian respondents would move to another country in which the taxes were lower than in Italy. In a survey conducted in 2017, this was the most popular factor Italians indicated as a reason to leave their country. Furthermore, the possibility to find a better job, or a job at all, was a good reason for 36.8 percent of respondents. However, better services and respect of rules were motives to move out of Italy for more than 20 percent of interviewees. Where do Italians emigrate? As of January 2019, the largest share of Italians living abroad were found in Argentina. In this South American state, lived 15.9 percent of all emigrated Italians. Furthermore, Germany was the second country who housed the most Italian emigrants, followed by Brazil and Switzerland. In the last years the destination countries of Italian emigrants slightly changed. Italians who moved abroad in 2018 preferred the United Kingdom, while Argentina only ranked eighth. A history of emigration to South America In the 19th and 20th centuries, Argentina was one of the main destinations for Italian emigrants. For instance, in 1913, 111.5 thousand Italians moved to this South American country. Nowadays, Argentina has a nationality law which grants citizenship according to both systems jus soli and jus sanguinis. Thus, many Italians living in Argentina could be the second or third generations of Italian migrants who moved there in the last century. Brazil was also one of the most common destinations for Italian emigrants between the 19th and 20th centuries. The number of Italians who emigrated to Brazil peaked in 1891, where 108.4 thousand emigrants arrived from Italy. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults users in the United States who were using Instagram as of February 2019, sorted by education level. During that period of time, 43 percent of respondents who had attained a college degree used the photo sharing app. 
 The statistic presents the net revenue of Goldman Sachs from 2009 to 2018. The net revenue of Goldman Sachs amounted to approximately 35.94 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic represents the annual pre-tax profit of the British automotive company Jaguar Land Rover from financial year 2011 to financial year 2019 in million British pounds. Between 2011 and 2018, the company made a pre-tax profit higher than one billion British pounds in every year. However, the most recent financial year suggested a more difficult business climate, as the company recorded its first pre-tax loss in this period of consideration, at 3.6 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the number of accepted first instance asylum applications in some of the European countries in 2018, broken down by country. In 2018, Germany accepted the largest number of asylum seekers with 75,940. Sweden and Belgium accepted the second and third most respectively, with roughly 10.6 and 9.7 thousand applicants, respectively. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Tampa Bay Rays franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of one billion U.S. dollars. The Tampa Bay Rays are owned by Stuart Sternberg, who bought the franchise for 200 million U.S. dollars in 2004. 
 This statistic shows the Employment Cost Index for all employees in the United States from 2010 to 2019, by quarter. The index is based on numbers from December 2005. The Employment Cost Index (ECI) measures the change in the cost of labor, free from the influence of employment shifts among occupations and industries. In the fourth quarter of 2019, the ECI came to 138.9, indicating an increase of labor costs by almost one percent since the preceding quarter. 
 This statistic illustrates the total motor insurance claims incurred and paid out in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2007 to 2018. These figures include both domestic and commercial Net claims incurred, with a much larger share of claims displayed attributable to domestic motor insurance in each year under observation. It can be seen that in 2018, there was a total of over seven billion British pounds incurred, an overall decrease of approximately 1.2 Billion British pounds in claims in comparison to 2007. The largest number of claims was recorded in 2010, with more than 10.4 billion British pounds in motor insurance claims incurred. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Finland from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Finland was at approximately 7.25 percent. 
 The graph presents the gender gap index in Colombia from 2016 to 2018. In all three years, Colombia scored 0.73, which shows a gender gap of approximately 27 percent (women are 27 percent less likely than men to have equal opportunities). In 2018, the gender gap in the area of political empowerment in Colombia amounted to 80 percent. 
 In 2020, the overall gender gap index score in Brazil amounted to 0.69, which shows an average gender gap of approximately 31 percent (this means that women are 31 percent less likely to have the same opportunities as men). Brazil was one of the Latin American countries with the worst gender gap index, ranking 22 out of 25 countries. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Brazil from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Brazil was at about 12.8 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic depicts the market share of the global top diabetes care devices manufacturers in 2011. In that year, Medtronic from the United States had a 7.5 percent share in the total global market for diabetes care devices. Top diabetes care devices manufacturers Diabetes is one of the leading causes of death in the United States. In 2010, 20.8 people per 100,000 of the U.S. population died due to diabetes. In the United States, 239 billion U.S. dollars was expended in 2013 to treat diabetes. However, in China, a country with one of the largest number of diabetics in the world, only 38 billion U.S. dollars was spent on diabetes health care. The diabetes care market is expected to grow to almost 16 billion U.S. dollars in the United States by 2017. In 2011, F.Hoffman-La Roche Ltd and LifeScan, Inc. together are considered a large part of the top diabetes care device manufacturers in the world at 15.2 percent and 14.2 percent of the global market share, respectively. Lifescan is part of the Johnson & Johnson Company and has developed glucose monitoring devices such as OneTouch Ultra for home and hospital use. About 61 percent of global diabetes care devices can be listed under the glucose monitoring device category and 24 percent under insulin delivery devices. Insulin pump therapy has vastly improved since the 1970s, with alarms for malfunction and wireless connection to meters and computers. This type of device is a widely used product for diabetics around the world. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in the Czech Republic from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the Czech Republic's real gross domestic product increased by around 2.96 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Norway from 2008 to 2018. The fertility rate has declined in this time period from 1.98 children per woman in 2010 to 1.56 in 2018. 
 South Korea topped the ranking of countries based on robot density in the automotive industry in 2017: 2,435 industrial multipurpose robots were installed per 10,000 automotive employees in South Korea. 
 The statistic shows the population growth in the United States from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the population in the USA grew by about 0.62 percent compared to the previous year. The United States is one of the largest countries in the world in terms of area size. 
 The statistic shows the number of fatalities due to tornadoes in the United States from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, there were a total of 10 fatalities reported due to tornadoes in the United States. 
 The forecast illustrates the global mobile internet device market size between 2010 and 2020. It is expected that around 10 billion mobile internet devices will be in use by 2020. 
 In 2018 the live birth rate of the United Kingdom fell to 11 births per 1,000 population, the lowest it had been since 2002. From 2010 onwards the birth rate in the United Kingdom declined steadily, after reaching a high of 12.9. Under two children per mother The crude live birth rate for this statistic is based on the 755 thousand births that occurred in 2017, and the mid-year population estimate of 66 million for the United Kingdom. It has a close relation to the fertility rate which estimates the average amount of children women are expected to have in their lifetime, which was 1.74 in this reporting year. Higher birth rates than France & Germany Although the live birth rate of the United Kingdom has declined in recent years, it is still higher than that of similar sized European countries such as Germany, which had a birth rate of 9.6 in 2016. France too has a lower birth rate of 11.2 but has followed a similar trend of falling birth rates to the United Kingdom. 
 The ‘merging of two companies into one, or the ‘buying’ of one company by another through acquisition is a common practice in the corporate world. M&A can be used to fulfill several strategies including growth, expansion, increasing market share, eliminating a competitor or even talent acquisition. For both the buyer and seller, strategic drivers differ. M&A in Europe Inbound and outbound M&A, otherwise known as cross-border M&A is a deal between two companies that do not have headquarters residing in the same country. The largest merger and acquisition deal ever was the cross-border acquisition of the German company Mannesmann AG by British firm Vodafone AirTouch PLC in 1999. Cross-border on the rise Between 2010 and 2018, cross-border acquisitions have accounted for just over a quarter of all deals made, and a further 37 percent of the total deal value. Regions such as Europe and South America rely on cross-border activity far more than others such as the United States and China. 
 This statistic depicts housewrap brands used the most by U.S. construction firms in 2018. The survey revealed that 57.4 percent of the respondents used Tyvek (DuPont) brand housewrap the most. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Indianapolis Colts games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 93.62 U.S. dollars. 
 YouTube is the most active social network among internet users in the United Kingdom (UK), with 78 percent of people reporting use of the service. Facebook was very close behind, with a rate of 73 percent. YouTube’s broad audience in the United Kingdom YouTube reaches a broad audience in the UK, making it an attractive partner for advertisers of almost any product. More than 75 percent of individuals of every income bracket watch YouTube, with the likelihood of watching increasing with the pay-grade. Whether advertising basic items or luxury products, marketers should be able to connect with UK audiences through YouTube. 33 percent of respondents to a survey conducted by We Are Flint report watching videos on YouTube once a day or more. Facebook in the United Kingdom Facebook enjoys a healthy market position in the UK, holding an estimated 63.88 percent share of the market. The service attracted 36.34 million UK users during April 2019, and Facebook UK Limited generated 1.27 billion British pounds in revenue during 2017. The UK division of the company posted an operating profit of 62.1 million British pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey on the most popular Disney princesses in Great Britain as of May 2018. The survey found that Snow White was Britain's most loved Disney princess with one out of ten British adults choosing her as their favorite. Belle and Ariel were second and third most popular at six and seven percent. 
 This graph shows the largest trading partners of the United States regarding trade goods in 2018, by import value. In 2018, the import value of trade goods from Canada amounted to 318.5 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph shows the poverty rate in Tennessee from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 15.3 percent of Tennessee's population lived below the poverty line. 
 Assets under management (AUM) in Europe have grown almost annually from 2008 to 2018 to an estimated 23.1 trillion euros. AUM, covers all client funds and assets that are managed on their behalf by a financial institute. These asset management companies include mutual fund, venture capital firms and brokers. Country rankings In 2016, the top five countries for management firms in Europe held more than 15 trillion euros in assets under management. The United Kingdom alone held over eight trillion in AUM, which accounted for more than one third of the total held in Europe. The United Kingdom’s leading asset manager, Legal & General Investment Management held more than one trillion at the end of 2017. Global Asset managers Legal and General may be the leading asset managers in Europe, but globally they are twelfth in the listings. On a worldwide scale, the United States and Europe sit far ahead in assets under management. 
 The statistic depicts the total population of Mexico from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Mexico's total population amounted to about 124.74 million people. Total population of Mexico The total population of Mexico was expected to reach 116.02 million people by the end of 2013. Despite being the source of one of the largest migration flows in the world, Mexico has managed to maintain around a 1.25 percent population growth rate for the last several years, roughly the same growth rate as India. Among the largest cities in Mexico, Mexico City is leading with more than 8.5 million inhabitants. A slowly declining fertility rate still holds above the replacement rate, and life expectancy is growing, expanding the population from both ends of the age spectrum. With the rising life expectancy, the median age of Mexican residents has also increased, and an increasing stream of immigrants from the financially-troubled Spain has also boosted population numbers. The majority of the Mexican population is Roman Catholic, owing to its colonial Spanish background. Spanish is the predominant language, with several regional and local dialects spoken, but a number of indigenous languages, such as Nahuatl, survive and are also spoken around Mexico. One worrying and relatively recent trend in Mexico is the growing share of the population becoming overweight or obese. It is not entirely clear what sort of effect the obesity epidemic is going to have on Mexican population numbers in the long run, but is starting to manifest itself not just in physical appearance, but in the increased rates of heart disease, hypertension, and diabetes. In fact, diabetes was one of the top causes of deaths for Mexicans in recent years. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Milwaukee Bucks franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 283 million U.S. dollars. Milwaukee Bucks The Milwaukee Bucks are a professional basketball franchise of the National Basketball Association (NBA), entering the league as an expansion team in 1968. The Bucks won one NBA championship in 1971. They currently play their home games at the Bradley Center, which has a capacity of almost 19 thousand for basketball games. The all-time leading scorer of the NBA, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar played for the franchise from 1969 to 1975. In the 2012/13 season, the average attendance at Milwaukee Bucks games was 15,035, a total attendance of about 616 thousand over the course of the season. The average ticket price for Bucks’ games was at 47.7 U.S. dollars according to Team Marketing Report, right around the league average of 52.5 U.S. dollars. The Milwaukee Bucks also rank close to the league average on the Fan Cost Index, which takes into account the costs for game tickets, merchandise, concession stands and parking. For 2013/14 the Bucks’ figure on the Fan Cost Index was 309.3 U.S. dollars with the league average at 326.6 U.S. dollars. According to Forbes, the franchise has an estimated value of 405 million U.S. dollars in 2014, an increase in value of 30 percent over the previous year when the Milwaukee Bucks were valued at 312 million U.S. dollars. The franchise generated revenues of 109 million U.S. dollars in 2012/13. 
 The results of an annual survey by Sport England, the sports governing body of England, show the number of people who play cricket at least twice a month at any intensity for any duration in England between 2016 and 2019. The survey was conducted online and the latest update on it was conducted for the time period between May 2018 to May 2019 with a total of 177,876 respondents. The data collected resulted with the conclusion that as of May 2019 approximately 292 thousand adults in England play cricket on a monthly basis. In 2016 there were approximately 364 thousand cricket players participating on a monthly basis in England. Cricket Board The head organization for cricket in England is the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB). The ECB employed 342 people and generated a turnover of approximately 172.3 million British pounds during financial year 2018/19. Cricket participation is on the decline in England, not only among adults but also with children. Cricket World Cup England played a total of 83 matches at Rugby World Cup, which is held every four years since 1975. Only three other teams have played more matches at the Rugby World Cup, India, New Zealand and Australia. England currently holds the title as being the previous champion at the Cricket World Cup 2015 held in Australia and New Zealand. 
 This statistic depicts the factors that influence U.S. consumers to purchase new luggage in 2012. The survey revealed that 68 percent of the respondents said that the price influences their new luggage purchases.Luggage industry in the United States To understand the luggage industry, one must understand how the airline industry impacts luggage demands. With airlines continually increasing their baggage fees, the majority of travellers are adjusting all aspects of their travel, including considerations when it comes to purchasing luggage.Consumers aren't going for the lightweight luggage without checking out some additional features. In a survey conducted among US consumers, baggage damage was considered the second biggest concern when travelling. Due to changes in the airline industry over previous years, the majority of consumers would rather spend more money on durable high-quality luggage than spend less on multiple pieces that won't last as long.Consumers are looking to save money in the long haul by choosing luggage that is made to last. They take note if a manufacturer stands behind its product, whether it's a ten year guarantee or bumper-to-bumper warranty. This allows the consumer to avoid future risks and costs associated with repairs or preventing luggage replacement.Manufacturers are constantly focusing on improving various elements that will allow US consumers to avoid baggage fees such as increasing carry-on capacity, style as well as using lighter materials. Another trend that manufacturers are bringing back is retro-style luggage. Product lines made within the United States is also becoming a main consumer selling point as this brings production back within the country and creates new jobs. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Washington Redskins of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to around 3.4 billion U.S. dollars. The Washington Redskins are owned by Daniel Snyder who bought the franchise for 750 million U.S. dollars in 1999. 
 Medicare is an important public health insurance scheme for U.S. adults aged 65 years and over. As of 2018, approximately 17.8 percent of the U.S. population was covered by Medicare, a slight increase from the previous year. As of 2017, California, Florida, and Texas had the largest number of adults aged 65 years and older. The Medicare program Medicare has two primary parts: Medicare Part A covers hospital care and Medicare Part B covers medical insurance. Both parts of Medicare are available to those aged 65 years and older under certain conditions. Medicare premiums are variable and depend on the enrollee’s income. Despite a majority of the Medicare enrollees being above the federal poverty line, there are still several programs in place to help cover the costs of healthcare for the elderly. Opinions on elderly care in the U.S. It is estimated that about 25 percent of Medicare enrollees are in fair/poor health. But there are lots of questions about who should pay for or help with elderly care long-term. In a recent survey of U.S. adults, about half of the respondents said that health insurance companies should pay for elderly care. However, a significant majority of adults also supported a long-term government sponsored health plan like Medicaid. The issue is still hotly debated and politicized in the U.S., especially as the 2020 election approaches. 
 The statistic represents the urban population in Indonesia , which is the number of people living in urban conditions. In 2018, the urban population in Indonesia stood at approximately 147.6 million people. 
 This statistic shows the development of Hawaii's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the GDP of Hawaii was about 80.8 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total cotton yield per harvested acre in the U.S. from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, the total cotton yield per harvested acre amounted to approximately 817 pounds. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Kansas City Royals franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of one billion U.S. dollars. The Kansas City Royals are owned by David Glass, who bought the franchise for 96 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 Perhaps unsurprisingly, British rock band The Beatles are top of the list for best-selling artists worldwide, with 257.7 million certified sales. Second is Elvis Presley with almost 207 million sales, followed by Michael Jackson with 169.7 million. All the artists who made the top twenty list are internationally renowned for their contributions to music and range from Canadian singer Celine Dion to American singer-songwriter Garth Brooks. What do the top-selling artists have in common? The artists in the top twenty ranking for worldwide certified sales all made their mark in music in their own unique way. However, what is notable is that many of the artists in the list achieved fame and success several decades ago and were fortunate enough to have a lasting impact. Most of the musicians in the list were born in the United States or the United Kingdom and began their musical career in the 1960s or 1970s. The music of the 1960s is often considered revolutionary, with politically-minded music from the likes of Bob Dylan and Joan Baez achieving huge popularity and psychedelic rock becoming one of the musical hallmarks of the era. British psychedelic/progressive rock band Pink Floyd as well as rock groups The Rolling Stones and Led Zeppelin all formed in London in the 1960s, as well as The Beatles who began their career in Liverpool at the beginning of the decade. Which artists are still active today? As of early 2019, only a few of the artists who made the list remain active. American band the Eagles have toured regularly throughout their long career, as well as Irish group U2. Rihanna, the youngest artist by far to make the top twenty ranking, continues to make and play music as well as exploring other avenues such as acting and fashion. Sadly though, several of the world’s top-selling musicians have now passed, including Elvis Presley, Whitney Houston and Michael Jackson. Certain groups are still musically active but few have retained their original line-up – namely Queen who have continued to play since the death of front man Freddie Mercury in 1991. Australian rock and roll band AC/DC have undergone multiple line-up changes over the years, the most recent being the replacement of vocalist Brian Johnson with Guns n’ Roses singer Axl Rose. 
 This chart depicts the annual salary of several countries' respective coaches who were present at the World Cup-2010. Bob Bradley of the United States has an annual salary of 275,000 euros. Earnings of national team managers at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Portugal from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Portugal was at approximately 6.13 percent. 
 In 2019 the United Kingdom spent approximately 38 billion British pounds on defense, an increase of almost 2 billion pounds when compared with 2017/18. Although defense spending increased between 2005/06 and 2009/10, funding was cut by around 6 billion pounds between 2010 and 2013. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price of Boston Bruins games within the National Hockey League from 2005/06 to 2014/15. In the 2005/06 season, the average ticket price was 56.44 U.S. dollars. The Boston Bruins play their home games at the TD Garden. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy of men at birth in India from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, the average life expectancy of men at birth in India was about 68 years. 
 This statistic shows total number of calls responded by fire departments of the United States in 2018. In 2018, U.S. fire departments responded to 2,889,000 false alarms. This was an increase of 13% from the previous year. 
 The Tower of London was the most visited paid tourist attraction recorded in London in 2018, with around 2.86 million visitors. Other well visited tourist attractions charging an admission fee include the Royal Botanic Gardens, Kew, and St Paul's Cathedral. Many of London's most visited attractions are free. National museums and galleries in England offer free admission as part of the UK government's policy to keep museums open to all. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey among 559 industrial enterprises on their opinion on the leading nation in Industry 4.0 as of 2016. 20 percent of respondents stated Japan was currently the leading country in Industry 4.0. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy at birth in the United States from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, the average life expectancy at birth among the United States population was about 78.54 years. 
 In 2018, according to the Gini coefficient, household income distribution in the United States was 0.49. This figure was at 0.43 in 1990, which indicates an increase in income inequality in the U.S. over the past 30 years. What is the Gini coefficient? The Gini coefficient, or Gini index, is a statistical measure of economic inequality and wealth distribution among a population. A value of zero represents perfect economic equality, and a value of one represents perfect economic inequality. The Gini coefficient helps to visualize income inequality in a more digestible way. For example, according to the Gini coefficient, the District of Columbia has the greatest amount of income inequality in the U.S. with a score of 0.53, and Alaska has the greatest income equality with a score of 0.42. The Gini coefficient around the world The Gini coefficient is also an effective measure to help picture income inequality around the world. For example, in 2017 income inequality was highest in South Africa, while income inequality was lowest in Azerbaijan. 
 The statistic above presents estimates of the annual aggregate revenue of the U.S. software publishing industry from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, U.S. software publishers generated an estimated total revenue of 257.94 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays a forecast of the rubber and plastics end-use market output in the United States from 2020 to 2024. From 2022 to 2023, the rubber and plastics end-use market output is expected to increase by 2.6 percent. Appreciation of the U.S. dollar is likely to reduce costs and increase production in the chemical industry. The capacity of the chemical industry is also continuing to increase and will likely contribute to innovation and more efficient production. 
 This statistic displays the distribution of global fentanyl consumption by region in 2018. During this year, the United Kingdom consumed approximately 15.6 percent of the world's fentanyl. This drug can be used as an analgesic and is about 100 times more potent than morphine. Global consumption of fentanyl has increased steadily in the last decade. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Kuwait from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Kuwait's real gross domestic product fell by around 3.48 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cincinnati Bengals games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 77.41 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. Consumer Sentiment Index from February 2019 to February 2020. The index is normalized to have a value of 100 in December 1964 and based on a monthly survey of consumers, conducted in the continental United States. It consists of about 50 core questions which cover consumers' assessments of their personal financial situation, their buying attitudes and overall economic conditions. The Consumer Sentiment Index stood at 101 in February 2020. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in Canada from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, Canada had 35 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 38.1 million internet users in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the total number of highway vehicle fires reported in the United States from 1980 to 2018. Around 456,000 highway vehicle fires were reported in 1980. In 2018, there were around 181,500 highway vehicle fires reported. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in India from 1984 to 2024. In 2018, the estimated gross domestic product per capita in India amounted to about 2,037.69 U.S. dollars. See figures on India's economic growth here. For comparison, per capita GDP in China had reached about 6,995.25 U.S. dollars in 2013. India's economic progress India’s progress as a country over the past decade can be attributed to a global dependency on cheaper production of goods and services from developed countries around the world. India’s economy is built upon its agriculture, manufacturing and services sector, which, along with its drastic rise in population and demand for employment, led to a significant increase of the nation’s GDP per capita. Despite experiencing rather momentous economic gains since the mid 2000s, the Indian economy stagnated around 2012, with a decrease in general growth as well as the value of its currency. Residents and consumers in India have recently shown pessimism regarding the future of the Indian economy as well as their own financial situation, and with the recent economic standstill, consumer confidence in the country could potentially lower in the near future. Typical Indian exports consist of agricultural products, jewelry, chemicals and ores. Imports consist primarily of crude oil, gold and precious stones, used primarily in the manufacturing of jewelry. As a result, India has seen a rather highly increased demand of several gems in order to boost their jewelry industry and in general their exports. Although India does not export an extensive amount of goods, especially when considering the stature of the country, India has remained as one of the world’s largest exporters. 
 Dacia sold 2,357 cars in the United Kingdom in December 2019. This was an increase of roughly 24.7 percent compared to the same month in the previous year. Overall, car sales of the Romanian automobile manufacturer amounted to 30,951 units in 2019, up 28 percent compared to 2018. Dacia has been part of the French automobile car maker Renault since 1999 and is the single largest exporter of its home country Romania. Dacia most affordable option Dacia was the most affordable car option for UK consumers. In 2018, the models Duster and Sandero had the lowest monthly running costs at an average of 171.92 British pounds, while three-year ownership averaged 6,189 British pounds for both models. The Dacia Logan was also ranked highly. Further growth expected According to a Statista forecast, the Romanian car maker is expected to further increase their sales output. Projections would see the annual volume sold rise to 34,510 units by 2022. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Cameroon from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Cameroon was 3.34 percent. 
 The largest geothermal plant in the world is called the Geysers Geothermal Complex, located in the United States, with a capacity of 1,517 megawatts. It is made up of 22 power plants and spread over several kilometers, located north of San Francisco. It sits on top of a deep magma chamber that spans over 30 square miles. The United States also has one of the highest installed capacities of geothermal power in the world. The thermal efficiency of geothermal plants is low due to the relatively low temperatures of geothermal fluids; however, its capacity factor tends to be high as it relies on a stable source of energy, unlike wind or solar. How does geothermal energy work? Geothermal energy taps into the thermal energy and radioactive decay leftover from the formation of the Earth. Geothermal plants generates energy by carrying heat to the surface via fluid circulation through various types of mechanics. The plants rely on steam generated from heated water and processed through several methods, including dry steam, flash steam, and binary cycle. Currently, Indonesia and the Philippines are in the process of developing some of the largest geothermal projects in the world. Asia has some of the largest geothermal resources in the world. These resource potentials are usually highest near geological fault lines. 
 Most U.S. solar installations require the use of imported panels, largely coming from Asia. About 45 percent of solar photovoltaic imports into the United States came from Malaysia between January and August 2019. About 58 percent of voters in the United States stated that they opposed imposing tariffs on these imported energy panels. Solar import tariffs In 2018, President Donald Trump tacked on duties of as much as 30 percent onto solar power products from outside of the domestic market. These safeguard tariffs were placed onto imported silicon solar cells and modules and will apply for four years. Previously in 2014, the International Trade Commission (ITC) had implemented restrictions on solar products manufactured in China and Taiwan to prevent dumping, and thus, the United States began to receive imports largely from Malaysia, South Korea, and Singapore. How is the solar market now? The solar tariffs have had an impact on the overall price of solar in the United States and the number of solar energy-related jobs after the initial trade complaint was filed in 2017. However, the solar energy industry in the United States continues to prosper in spite of the import tariffs placed on this renewable energy source. 
 This graph shows the Real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the United States in 2018, by metropolitan area. Only the 100 leading metro areas are shown here. In 2018, the New York-Newark-Jersey City metropolitan area had a Gross Metropolitan Product of around 1.53 trillion chained (2012) U.S. dollars. 
 Famous for its port and football club Feyenoord, Rotterdam is the second largest city in the Netherlands after Amsterdam. In the last decade, Rotterdam’s population increased year on year, and in 2019, the city reached nearly 645,000 inhabitants. By comparison: that year Amsterdam’s population amounted to just under 863,000. Leading European container port The port of Rotterdam is one of the largest ports in the world. In 2018, roughly 8.6 million containers were processed here, making it Europe’s largest container port, before Antwerp and Hamburg. In the same year, the port of Rotterdam processed 289 million tons of bulk cargo. Feyenoord, pride of Rotterdam Feyenoord Rotterdam is one of the most successful football clubs in Dutch history, with 15 national titles, 13 Dutch cups, three European cups and one World Cup won. As of September 2019, Feyenoord had the third highest market value of all Dutch football clubs, after Ajax and PSV. That month, Feyenoord’s market value reached 81.3 million euros. 
 In 2016, the Ligue 1 TV broadcasting rights revenue amounted to 748 million euros. The broadcasting of football events is the live coverage of football matches on television or radio. In recent years, the global value of the French top football league is increasing, whether it concerns the market value of the teams or the transfer fee spending of Ligue 1 football clubs. An increase of TV broadcasting rights revenue It seems that the broadcasting rights revenue of the French Ligue 1 has been increasing since the beginning of the 2000s. In 2001, TV broadcasting rights for the French football league reached 275 million euros, compared to 748 million euros in 2016. For the 2017-2018 season, Paris Saint-Germain was the French football club which had the highest revenue collected from television rights, in front of Marseille and Olympique Lyonnais. The club's presence in the Champions League and its world-renowned players probably explain this position in the rankling. However, in comparison with the others big five European football leagues, the broadcasting rights of the Ligue 1 do not appear to be particularly high. In 2016, the broadcasting rights revenue of the Premier League, the top-level English football league, amounted to 3.2 billion euros, while the total revenue of the broadcasting rights of the Spanish Liga reached more than 1.4 billion euros. A new interest for the Ligue 1? Since the recent arrival of foreign investors in French football, the Ligue 1 is attracting more interest. With players like Neymar or Mbappé, Paris Saint-Germain has become a club followed throughout Europe despite its results in the Champions League. In 2017, the transfer fee spending of Ligue 1 football clubs reached a record number of 1.1 billion euros, compared to 283 million euros the year before. Even though the league’s revenue is still the lowest of the so-called “Big Five” European football leagues, Ligue 1 has a market value which is increasing since 2010. 
 The statistic represents the maternal mortality ratio in Malaysia from 2011 to 2018. In 2018, the maternal mortality ratio in Malaysia was approximately 23.5 maternal deaths per one hundred thousand live births. 
 In 2019, Yandex’s growth continued, and the Russian internet services company accounted for over 175 billion Russian rubles in revenues, which was approximately 37 percent greater than the figures over the previous year. Yandex: a snapshot Like Google, Yandex’s search engine is the primary contact point with the company, but the company’s services go well beyond search. Incorporated in the Netherlands and with offices around the world, Yandex offers services primarily to the Russian language market covering ecommerce, navigation, advertising, mobile development as well as a taxi/ride-sharing service and a car sharing service. Advertising is the company’s primary source of revenue. In 2018, the company had an annual net income of 45.86 billion Russian rubles, with earnings before income taxes amounting to 54.46 billion Russian rubles. Global search market Google is the undisputed leader of the global search market. Google held an 88.47 share of the global desktop market in April 2019. The share of desktop search traffic originating from Google is significantly lower in Yandex’s key market of Russia than it is in other parts of the world. 
 This statistic shows electricity prices in leading economies worldwide in 2018. In the United States, electricity prices stood at 0.13 U.S. dollars per kilowatt hour. In the United Kingdom, electricity users paid 0.22 U.S. dollars per kilowatt hour. Electricity prices in selected countries in 2018 Electricity prices by country can vary widely and even within a country itself, depending on factors like infrastructure and geography. Among developed countries, Sweden enjoys some of the cheapest electricity in the world. For global electricity prices, Germany topped the list of countries with the highest electricity prices worldwide in 2018. German customers were charged around 0.33 U.S. dollars per kilowatt hour plus value added tax. The selection of fuels used to generate electricity remains a main driver behind Italy’s high electricity prices. There are no nuclear power plants in the country. Due to the fact that Italy is located in a seismically active area, all nuclear power plants were closed following a popular referendum in the late 1980s, when an explosion in Chernobyl reminded Europeans of the dangers of nuclear power. As a result, the country’s electricity generation mix consists mainly of natural gas, renewable energy, petroleum products and coal. Although Italy has one of the largest proved natural gas reserves in Europe, the Mediterranean country produces very little natural gas and is heavily dependent on imports. The main source countries for Italian natural gas imports include Algeria, Russia and Libya. In light of political instability in the said countries, Italy might turn to producing more electricity from renewable energy sources, including hydropower, geothermal power and solar electricity. In 2017, Italy’s cumulative solar photovoltaic capacity reached 19.7 gigawatts, making it the fifth largest market for solar PV power. 
 This statistic shows the 30 largest import commodities of the United Kingdom (UK) in 2018 in million GBP. This ranges from machinery and oil to food and chemicals. In this year, the largest imported commodity was fuel, with approximately 152 million British pounds, followed by animal and vegetable oils and crude materials with almost 113 million British pounds each. 
 The statistic depicts the brand value of HSBC from 2010 to 2015, according to the Brand Finance valuation methodology. The ranking, provided by The Banker Magazine, is an independent, publicly reported measure of the strength of a brand and its impact across all business lines and customer groups. In 2015, the brand value of HSBC was valued at 27.3 billion U.S. dollars and the bank was ranked third in its peer group. 
 In 2018, around 275 terawatt hours of wind electricity were generated in the United States. That year, wind power was by far the largest non-hydroelectric renewable energy source used in the United States, followed by solar and thermal. Clean energy on the rise The highest increase in clean energy investments came in the years leading up to the 2008 financial crisis. Since then, investments in clean energy have continued to grow, but more slowly and inconsistently. Nevertheless, larger investments in clean energy in the past decade have brought higher generation of wind and solar power. The sharpest rise in wind power generation came in 2008, while solar power generation saw a much larger increase around 2013, its most substantial rise before progressing at smaller intervals again. The globalized U.S. wind market Based in Copenhagen, the Danish company Vestas holds a large portion of the global wind manufacturer market share. Vestas electricity deliveries were the highest to the United States. Though the United States has generated increasing amounts of wind power, the U.S. continues to source much of its wind power turbines and equipment from international companies such as Vestas. 
 The statistic shows the ifo World Economic Climate Index from the second quarter 2017 to the second quarter of 2019. In the second quarter of 2019, the ifo World Economic Climate Index reached a value of -2.4. The global economy and globalization The global economy includes the economies of all nations and countries. Its key figures and values are often represented in US dollars; the United States is the world’s largest economy, leading the ranking of the countries with the largest gross domestic product / GDP. Gross domestic product is considered to be the most important factor when it comes to an economy’s strength and power. Apart from gross domestic product, other indicators for the state of the world economy are GDP per capita and the GDP growth rate, inflation rate, unemployment rate, median income (which shows the purchasing power parity of a country) and trade balance (imports and exports). Global debt, as calculated from the amount of national debt of all countries, is also an important factor. One term that is inevitably connected to the global economy is “globalization”, the global expansion of national or local economy. Globalization is a controversial topic. Many critics believe that it leads to the demise of local businesses and industries and thus only benefits large companies and conglomerates, who, in their aim to expand, open subsidiaries all over the world. A significant part of globalization is outsourcing, which leads to job loss in certain areas and cheap labor in others. The global economy suffered a setback in 2009 when the financial crisis hit and left several countries in severe financial distress. Growth of the global gross domestic product / gdp shows a deficit that year, but it has been back to stable values since. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Norwegian women's national football team from 2003 to 2019. From 2003 to 2006, the position remained the same (3) and was also the highest rank the team ever reached. Rank 14 was the lowest result of Norway's women's national team, which was reached in 2017. As of 2019, the team ranked twelfth. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Pennsylvania from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 12.2 percent of Pennsylvania's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the forecast installed power generation capacity of coal worldwide between 2005 and 2018, with projections until 2050. It is estimated that the power generation capacity from coal will be around 2,201 gigawatts by 2050. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Romania from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 54 percent of Romania's total population lived in urban areas and cities. The shrinking population of Romania About half of Romania's population lives in urban areas, with the largest city and capital Bucharest only having about 1.9 million inhabitants - not very much considering that Romania reported a population of about 20 million people in 2015. Bucharest is also significantly larger than any of the other small cities around the country, which only have close to or less than 300,000 inhabitants each. The fact that Romania has not urbanized to the same level of most developed countries is an indicator that the country is still developing. As Romania progresses, it has an important advantage over other developing nations: It is a member of the European Union, and thus has access to the European market. However, unlike other developing countries, the Romanian population is decreasing and expected to shrink by more than half a million by 2020. This is caused by a low fertility rate, which is less than the replacement rate, by emigration and by an aging population. The median age of the Romanian population is expected to increase to as high as 44 years in 2020. A contributing factor to this may be the fact that while the older generation stays in Romania, the younger people migrate to other countries within the European Union which have stronger economies and more employment opportunities than Romania. 
 The number of divorces in Sweden peaked in 2013, when almost 27 thousand couples got divorced. Since then the divorce number decreased until 2018, when it again increased and amounted to almost 25 thousand divorces. A similar trend can be seen in the neighbor country Norway, where the number of divorces decreased for several years but increased again in 2017. Age of divorced The most common age group of the individuals who got divorced in Sweden in 2018 was from 40 to 44 years, amounting 7,766 divorced. This was followed by the age groups from 45 to 49 years, and from 35 to 39 years. Length of a marriage The average length of marriage decreased over the last years for the ones that were dissolved by divorce. A marriage in Sweden lasted on average 11.3 years in 2018, until it was dissolved by divorce. For marriages that lasted until they were dissolved by death, the average length was 47.1 years. 
 In 2019, Washington, D.C. had the highest population density in the United States, with 11,570 people per square mile. As a whole, there were 93 residents per square mile in the U.S., and Alaska was the state with the lowest population density, with 1.3 residents per square mile. The problem of population density Simply put, population density is the population of a country divided by the area of the country. While this can be an interesting measure of how many people live in a country and how large the country is, it does not account for the degree of urbanization, or the share of people who live in urban centers. For example, Russia is the largest country in the world and has a comparatively low population, so its population density is very low. However, much of the country is uninhabited, so cities in Russia are much more densely populated than the rest of the country. Urbanization in the United States While the United States is not very densely populated compared to other countries, its population density has increased significantly over the past few decades. The degree of urbanization has also increased, and well over half of the population lives in urban centers. 
 This statistic shows the per capita alcohol consumption in Malaysia in 2005, 2010, 2015 and 2016. In 2016, per capita alcohol consumption in Malaysia amounted to approximately 0.9 liters per annum. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to Grand Teton National Park in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to Grand Teton National Park amounted to approximately 3.41 million in 2019. 
 The graph shows the Hispanic population in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 59.87 million people of Hispanic origin were living in the United States. 
 This statistic projects the market for lithium-ion batteries used in power tools between 2012 and 2020. It is estimated that this market will exceed one billion U.S. dollars by 2015. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Croatia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Croatia was at approximately 7.77 percent. Today, Croatia has one of the highest unemployment rates in all EU states. 
 This graph shows the reported larceny-theft rate in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the nationwide rate was 1,594.6 cases per 100,000 of the population. 
 This statistic gives information on the most popular multi-platform social networks in the United States as of October 2018. During that month, Facebook was ranked first with almost 205 monthly active U.S. users. Facebook Messenger was ranked third in terms of MAU but came first in regards of mobile-only users. 
 This statistic represents the global number of Bosch employees between the fiscal year of 2006 and the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Germany-based multinational engineering and electronics company employed some 407,000 people. 
 This statistic shows the percentage change in the previous year of the inflation rate in Belgium from January 2018 to January 2020. In January 2020, the inflation rate in Belgium increased by approximately 1.14 percent. November 2018 saw the highest inflation in this period, with an inflation rate of nearly 2.8 percent in comparison to the previous year. The lowest inflation rate was visible in November 2019. There was no negative inflation in this period. In the same period, the harmonized index of consumer prices in Belgium also saw an increase, as is visible here. For a more detailed overview of the consumer price index by category, this statistic shows the price index for food and non-food products, services and rent. 
 This statistic presents the estimated number of concerts and festivals promoted by Live Nation Entertainment worldwide from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the U.S. live event specialist organized 34,996 events across the globe. Live Nation's concert revenue reached 8.77 billion U.S. dollars for the first time in 2018, marking a significant increase from the 3.51 billion U.S. dollars of revenue generated in 2011. The company's ticketing revenue has seen a similar increase and reached about 1.53 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The live events company, based in California, recorded a total revenue of around 10.79 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, an increase of over one billion dollars compared to 2017. 
 This statistic shows the total area of irrigated land on farms in the United States from 1969 to 2007. In 2007, there were around 56.6 million acres of irrigated land in total. 
 YouTube is the most active social network among internet users in the United Kingdom (UK), with 78 percent of people reporting use of the service. Facebook was very close behind, with a rate of 73 percent. YouTube’s broad audience in the United Kingdom YouTube reaches a broad audience in the UK, making it an attractive partner for advertisers of almost any product. More than 75 percent of individuals of every income bracket watch YouTube, with the likelihood of watching increasing with the pay-grade. Whether advertising basic items or luxury products, marketers should be able to connect with UK audiences through YouTube. 33 percent of respondents to a survey conducted by We Are Flint report watching videos on YouTube once a day or more. Facebook in the United Kingdom Facebook enjoys a healthy market position in the UK, holding an estimated 63.88 percent share of the market. The service attracted 36.34 million UK users during April 2019, and Facebook UK Limited generated 1.27 billion British pounds in revenue during 2017. The UK division of the company posted an operating profit of 62.1 million British pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic presents the average daily time spent on mobile apps by smartphone users in Southeast Asian countries in July 2016. During the survey period, it was found that smartphone users in Malaysia spent an average of 66 minutes every day on mobile apps. 
 In January 2020, Lombardy was the region in Italy hosting the largest share of immigrants (14 percent), followed by Emilia-Romagna, Lazio, and Piedmont. These regions are also the Italian regions with the highest number of inhabitants. For instance, in 2019, Lombardy counted ten million inhabitants (approximately one sixth of the total Italian population) and was housing 17 thousand immigrants. The Mediterranean route to Europe Between January and October 2019, almost seven hundred migrants died or went missing in the Italian Central Mediterranean Sea in the attempt to reach Europe. In 2019, 11.5 thousand people arrived on the Italian shores. In fact, the number of migrants decreased over the last years. However, the death and missing cases did not drop in proportion to the number of people who reached the coast. Racism on the rise in Italy Even if the number of migrants arriving in Italy dropped in the last years, race-related violence was on the rise. Among others, the cases of racial physical violence increased, in particular between 2016 and 2018. Over these three years, the cases of body violence ranged from 24 to 121 attacks. Similarly, insults, threats and harassments became more widespread. Between 2017 and 2018, the cases of verbal violence grew from 86 to 130. 
 According to an Ipsos study from 2014, 75 percent of French interviewed declared thinking that technology made it easier to get in touch with family members. In addition to this, more than two thirds of the respondents considered that technology allowed a constant dialogue with family and friends. On the other hand, almost 30 percent of them also mentioned that technology led to less face-to-face interactions among families. The main uses on the Internet for social relationship purposes among French aged 16 to 24 years old were sending and receiving messages, as well as communicate on social media or professional networks. Social activities with family and friends via new technologies Thanks to the immediate communication enabled by new information and communication technologies, interactions with friends and family find themselves also changed. For instance, sharing holiday pictures or videos appear to become a common practice among French: 44 percent of respondents stated in 2017 sharing such content with their family and friends during their vacation when living or seeing something special. On another level, more than 80 percent of surveyed teenagers in France considered that having a smartphone was essential for maintaining a friendly life. Romantic relationships through the Internet As of 2019, more than half of French surveyed on romantic relationships declared thinking is was probable to meet one’s soulmate through a dating site or app. Furthermore, online practices seem to not only be used for encountering a partner: more than two thirds of French living in a relationship stated to communicate with their life partner on social networks once to three times a day (message or tag). 
 The statistic illustrates the answers to the following survey question: ''The new iPhone X will probably cost a thousand euros. Are you willing to pay that?'' As of 2017, roughly 20 percent of the respondents said to always buy the newest iPhone from Apple when it is released, even if it costs them a thousand euros. However, more than half of the respondents said the price is getting too absurd for an Apple iPhone. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Chile from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Chilean population was 33.8 years. 
 The timeline presents the Defense of the Ancients 2 The International championships prize pool from 2012 to 2019. The International 9, DOTA's 2019 championship, which took place in Shanghai, had a prize pool of 34.33 million U.S. dollars, up from 25.53 million a year earlier. 
 The statistic presents the number of new FDIC-insured commercial bank charters in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, there were seven new FDIC-insured commercial bank charters in the United States. 
 The statistic presents the personal saving rate in the United States from June 2015 to January 2020. Personal saving rate is calculated as the ratio of personal saving to disposable personal income. In January 2020, the personal saving rate in the U.S. amounted to 7.9 percent. Personal savings - additional information Saving refers to strategies of accumulating capital for future use by either not spending a part of one’s income or cutting down on certain costs. Saved money may be preserved as cash, put on a deposit account or invested in various financial instruments. Investing usually incorporates some level of risk which means that part of the invested money can be gone. The example of a relatively safe investment would be saving bonds, debt securities issued by the U.S. Department of the Treasury. The personal saving rate in the United States amounted to 7.6 percent in 2019, compared to 10.4 percent in 1960. The personal savings in the United States amounted to approximately 1.3 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 This statistic reveals the expenditure of pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company on research and development from 2007 to 2019. Eli Lilly is one of the top global pharmaceutical companies and the world's largest manufacturer and distributor of psychiatric medications. In 2019, spending on research and development came to around 5.6 billion U.S. dollars. Eli Lilly and Company is an international pharmaceutical company, headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the resident population of Canada from 2000 to 2019. The median age of the Canadian population was 40.8 years in 2019. 
 The Netherlands had the highest prevalence of ecstasy use among adults in Europe as of 2018, with approximately 3.3 percent of the population reported to using ecstasy. This was followed by Ireland with 2.1 percent of the population and then the United Kingdom at 1.7 percent. Only 0.1 percent of respondents in Romania, Portugal, Turkey and Cyprus reported using ecstasy in this period. Demographics of users in the Netherlands Among the younger age groups is where both frequent and infrequent users of ecstasy is found in the Netherland. Almost 23 percent of those aged between 20 and 24 years having tried ecstasy at some point in their lives, as of a 2017 survey. While almost five percent in the same age group stated they had taken ecstasy in the past month Use of other drugs in the EU Cannabis is by far the most used drug across the population of the European Union, with over a quarter using at some point during in lifetime. This is followed by cocaine which reportedly five percent have used in their life and then amphetamines with 3.6 percent of individuals having used. Additionally, cannabis was the most seized drug in Europe in 2016, with 69 percent of all seizures being a form of cannabis. 
 This statistic shows the organic food retail sales share worldwide in 2018, broken down by country. According to the report, the United States accounted for approximately 42 percent of global organic retail sales that year. 
 The graph shows the average age of master's degree graduates in Canada from 2000 to 2010. In 2010, the average age of students at the time of master's degree graduation in Canada was 32 years. 
 This statistic shows the annual consumption of cheese worldwide in 2019, by selected country. The European Union's consumption of cheese amounted to some 94.6 million metric tons in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey conducted in the United States in February 2019 on whether other world leaders have respect for the American President Donald Trump. During the survey, 65 percent of respondents stated they think that leaders of other countries do not have much respect for Donald Trump. 
 This statistic displays the proportion of cars with a voice recognition system installed in 2012 and 2019. The share of voice recognition system equipped cars increased from 37 percent in 2012 to 55 percent in 2019. 
 The median hourly earnings for full-time employees increased by 3.77 pounds between 2006 and 2019, reaching 14.8 pounds in that year. This has occurred due to small incremental increases in every year, with the largest such rise occurring between 2007 and 2008 at 0.52 British pounds. Minimum and living wage in the UK In the United Kingdom, employers are expected to pay their employees a minimum wage that is determined by how old they are. Under 18s for example, had a minimum wage of 4.35 British pounds in 2019, (280506), with the figure increasing to 6.15 pounds for 18 to 20 year olds and 7.70 pounds for 21 to 24 year olds. Employees over the age of 24 earn the National Living Wage, which was 8.21 pounds as of April 2019. Luxembourgers highest earners in Europe Luxembourg had the highest average annual wage in the European in 2017 at almost 72 thousand U.S dollars. This was followed by Denmark at 65 thousand, Ireland at 53 thousand and the Netherlands at 52 thousand U.S dollars. The United Kingdom’s average annual wage amounted to around 45 thousand U.S dollars in the same year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Croatia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Croatia amounted to around 14,870.42 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts avocado production worldwide from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, global avocado production amounted to about 6.41 million metric tons. 
 This statistic shows the economic damage caused by floods and flash floods in the United States from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, floods caused approximately 1.6 billion U.S. dollars worth of property and crop damage across the United States. 
 This statistic shows the net sales of the U.S. toy manufacturer Mattel from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, Mattel's net sales were around 4.5 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows a ranking of key clothing retailers in Germany, by revenue in 2013. According to source Amazon.de earned the highest revenue of the given clothing retailers that year, amounting to almost 8 billion euros. H&M ranked second, with revenues of approximately 3 billion euros. 
 This graph shows the quarterly number of medical marijuana clients in Canada between April 1, 2015 and June 30, 2019. At the end of the quarter April-June 2019, there were almost 364 thousand registered medical marijuana clients in Canada. 
 This statistic shows the number of unique IP addresses of users engaging in peer-to-peer-filesharing of child pornography in the U.S. from 2008 to 2009, obtained during three police operations. During the Operation RoundUp in 2009, 9.8 million unique IP adresses were obtained. 
 This statistic shows gasoline station sales in the United States from 1992 to 2017. In 2017, U.S. gasoline station sales amounted to about 452.86 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were ever using selected social networks. During the February 2019 survey period, 69 percent of respondents stated that they had ever accessed Facebook, either via desktop or mobile internet connection. 
 Costco, the warehouse shopping club, continued to grow in 2019 with 782 locations worldwide at year’s end. The U.S. is still home to the vast majority of the American retailer’s warehouses, but it has expanded into 11 other markets. With the expansion in store count comes an increase of members, and at the end of 2018 Costco could boast over 98 million cardholders. Costco is headquartered in Washington state in the United States and opened its first warehouse in Seattle in 1983. Today, the company is the second largest retailer in the world, behind only Walmart. In 2019, the company had net sales of over 149.35 billion U.S. dollars and a brand value of over 17 billion. Costco’s customers According to a recent survey, over 10 percent of Americans did their main grocery shopping at Costco and over 22 percent of households did at least some of their shopping with the retailer. Costco seems to be pleasing these customers, as it took the top spot in a consumer satisfaction survey regarding department and discount stores in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the change in the U.S. hotel industry market value from 2006 to 2015, with forecasted figures to 2018. In 2015, the value of the hotel industry in the U.S. increased by 7.2 percent over the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in Greece from 2014 to 2024, in relation to gross domestic product (GDP). In 2018, the national debt of Greece amounted to about 184.85 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 This statistic depicts average prom expenditure in the United States from 2011 to 2015. In 2013, U.S. consumers spent, on average, 1,139 U.S. dollars on their prom. 
 eBay's revenue in the fourth quarter of 2019 amounted to 2.82 billion U.S. dollars. This represents a two percent year-on-year decline. The majority of revenue is generated through transactions, which accounted for 2.28 billion U.S. dollars in the most recent quarter. MS&O revenues consists of marketplace, StubHub and classifieds, which amounted to 539 million U.S. dollars during the most recently measured period. 
 The financial crisis that burst out in 2008, alongside with the consequential problems on the labor market and high unemployment rates, affected in particular the south of Italy. Despite an overall improvement of the country’s economic situation over the last years, some significant differences between the regions still can be observed. When it comes to the unemployment rates, in 2018 Calabria, Sicily and Campania were the three regions where the share of inhabitants without a job exceeded 20 percent. The situation appears even more difficult for workers aged between 15 and 24 years. In the year considered, more than a half of the young citizens from the above-mentioned regions did not have job. More than 30 percent of young Italians without a job Since 2010 the share of young citizens without a job in Italy has increased, reaching its peak in 2014. Despite a steadily improvement which started a year later, in 2018 still three out of ten young people did not have paid employment. Youth unemployment in the European Union In January 2019, Italy was the EU Member State the second highest youth unemployment rate. The ranking was led by Greece, where about 40 percent of citizens younger than 25 years did not have job. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the San Antonio Spurs franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 285 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the monthly amount of cars sold by Fiat in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. Peaks in registration numbers were recorded in March and September of each year, which was due to the issuing of license plates by the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in those months. In December 2019, 1,833 new Fiat cars had been sold. 
 Idaho had one of the largest per capita uses of the public water supply in the United States, totaling 184 gallons per day, followed by Utah with 169 gallons and Wyoming at 156 gallons. The public supply of water refers to water that is withdrawn by both public and private suppliers and is delivered to domestic, commercial, thermoelectric, irrigation, and industrial users. Overall, the most populous states tend to be the largest consumers of water. Sources of public supply water can include desalinated seawater and treated brackish groundwater. California and Texas withdrew 5.15 billion gallons and 2.89 billion gallons per day, respectively, for public supply in 2015. Almost 90 percent of the U.S. population relies on public water supplies. U.S. Water Consumption Water withdrawal in the United States has increased over the last decades, reaching 322 billion gallons per day in 2015. The U.S. is one of the largest per capita consumers water in the world, in addition to being one of the largest absolute consumers of water. The average U.S. family uses some 400 gallons of water per day. However, a large share of water is lost or wasted through leaky pipes or just evaporation and over-watering landscapes. Minor changes such as fixing a leaky faucet, using a dishwasher, upgrading to a water-efficient toilet, or taking showers instead of baths can help save conserve water. 
 This statistic shows the orange juice production in the United States from 2008/09 to 2018/19 and provides a forecast for 2019/20. The U.S. production of orange juice was estimated to increase to around 330,000 metric tons at 65 degrees brix in 2019/20. 
 The statistic shows the number of existing homes sold in the United States from 2005 to 2019, and a forecast thereof for 2020 and 2021. In 2019, around 5.34 million of existing homes were sold in the United States. Existing home sales in the United States The steady rise in sales after the sharp drop in 2008 is indicative of the general consensus that the housing market is recovering. Construction is starting to show positive signs, consumers are growing in confidence and are becoming freer with their spending and the market is entering new periods of growth. This is a far cry from the dire situation in the not too distant past, in the run up to the bursting of the U.S. housing bubble. Interest rates were very low at that time, making credit cheap and abundantly available. Banks and lending institutions led people to believe that it was okay to buy multiple properties with little money and that real estate was just about the safest investment anyone could make. More and more people decided to take the risk and invest in the market. This coupled with the increased number of people descending on the market caused prices to soar; it seemed like an easy way to make cash fast. But this is how the bubble formed and it was this bubble, upon bursting, that would set into motion a chain of events that would bring the global economy to its knees; plunging the world into an economic depression of which it has not seen the likes since the Great Depression of the 1930s. 
 This statistic represents the European tire production from 2005 through 2016. In 2016, approximately 4.9 million tires were produced here. In terms of sales, Bridgestone and Michelin are ranked as the leading tire manufacturers. 
 This statistic shows the hypothetical voting intention for a referendum on EU membership in Great Britain (GB) as of October 22 to 23, 2015. At that time, 39 percent of respondents stated that they would vote for Britain to leave the European Union. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Borussia Dortmund from the 2008/09 season to the 2018/19 season. In the 2018/19 season, the revenue of Borussia Dortmund amounted to 446.03 million euros. 
 This statistic shows that the average length of stay (ALOS) in U.S. community hospitals from 1993 to 2017. In 2007, a hospital stay in the United States had an average length of 5.5 days. Since then, there was no significant change in the length of stay. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Puerto Rico from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Puerto Rico's real gross domestic product decreased by around 4.91 percent compared to the previous year. 
 From 2004 to 2018, the total number of deaths in France has been increasing, reaching 601,000 in 2018 compared to 509,429 deaths fifteen years earlier. This increase has also been seen in the death rate in France. Over the same time period, the death rate in the country went from 8.3 per 1,000 inhabitants, up to 9.2 in 2018. Deaths in France Despite being the second most populous country in Europe, France was ranked fourth in term of number of deaths in Europe in 2017. As in other Western countries, the leading causes of death among the French population appear to be diseases and cancer. In 2015, more than 71 thousand French women died of cancer, compared to 95 thousand men. Circulatory system diseases were also one of the most frequent causes of death. Regarding external causes of death, France has been fighting for years against road deaths. Prevention campaigns, as well as new traffic regulations, have led to a decrease in road deaths in France since 2006. Aging in France France has one of the highest life expectancies in Europe. In 2018, female life expectancy at birth reached 85.4 years, while male life expectancy amounted 79.5 years. The French appear to be concerned about health issues, now that the population of the country is getting older. However, since the mid-2000s the number of healthy life years of French citizens at birth come over 63 years old, whereas it reaches 58 years old in Germany. 
 This graph shows the total number of families in the United States from 1960 to 2019. In 2019, 83.48 million families were living in the United States. 
 This statistic provides information on the largest advertising markets in 2019. The source projected that Japan would be the fourth largest contributor to the global advertising market investments, with spending of 1.34 billion U.S dollars that year. In total, it is projected that global advertising spending will reach 19 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in Ohio from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, unemployment in Ohio was 4.6 percent. 
 There were 731 thousand live births recorded in the United Kingdom in 2018, a decline of almost 24 thousand births when compared with the previous year. Between 2000 and 2018 the year with the highest number of live births was 2012 when there were almost 813 thousand births. Birth rate at a 15-year low At 11.4 births per 1,000 people, the birth rate of the United Kingdom in 2017 marked a fifteen-year low. After witnessing a twenty-first century high of 12.9, the birth rate gradually started to decline before a sharp decrease was recorded between 2012 and 2013. Age of mothers increasing As well as a declining birth rate, the average age at which mother’s give birth in the United Kingdom has risen as well. From 2000 until 2012 the average age for mothers at childbirth increased from 28.5 to 29.8 years old, before reaching 30 in 2013. In 2017, the overall average age of mothers was 30.5 years, but for women having their first child it was 28.8. 
 This timeline shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Afghanistan from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Afghanistan's gross domestic product amounted to 19.63 billion U.S. dollars. For comparison, global GDP was estimated at almost more than 75 trillion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 The statistic shows the number of Nobel Prize Laureates in physics since the founding of the Foundation in 1901 until 2019, by nationality of the respective winner. Between 1901 and 2019, 94 Americans have been awarded with the Nobel Prize in physics. 
 ThyssenKrupp generated roughly 42 billion euros in net sales in the fiscal year ended September 30, 2019. Net sales were up around 460 million euros or one percent, compared to the previous year. ThyssenKrupp's net loss in 2019 came to 260 million euros. Total debt increased to 3.7 billion euors. 
 This statistic shows the number of Allianz Group employees from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, Allianz Group employed approximately 142.46 thousand people worldwide. Allianz was founded in 1890 in Berlin as a transport and accident insurer. It is now headquartered in Munich, Germany and its largest areas are insurance and asset management. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Norwegian national football team from 1993 to 2019. The highest position ever reached was four in 1993. Rank 83 was the lowest result of the team, which was reached in 2016. As of 2019, Norway's position in the world ranking was 45. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Houston Astros from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Houston Astros was 35,276. • Houston Astros total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic presents the number of branches of Deutsche bank worldwide from 2010 to 2018. The number of global Deutsche Bank branches decreased from 3,083 in 2010 to 2,064 in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Bulgaria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Bulgaria's real gross domestic product grew by around 3.08 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, the total health expenditure made up almost 13 percent of total GDP in the Netherlands. This is probably due to the health insurance system. In the Netherlands, every resident or employee is obliged to take a basic health insurance to cover medical costs from, for example, visits to a general practitioner or the hospital. The Dutch government decides on the cover provided by this package and health insurance companies are obliged to accept everyone who meets the requirements, regardless of age or state of health. An important characteristic of Dutch health insurance, though, is the so-called "principle of social solidarity": the overall costs of health care are paid by everybody. It is since 2008, for example, compulsory from the age of 18 to pay a total mandatory excess before the basic health insurance reimburses medical costs. In this way, everybody contributes to certain types of healthcare such as maternity care. In 2017, the total mandatory excess reached a value of 385 euros. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Sacramento Kings games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 59.80 U.S. dollars. 
 Ryan Giggs holds the all-time record for most appearances for Manchester United, playing in 963 games for the club between 1991 and 2014. Sir Bobby Charlton and Paul Scholes are ranked second and third in the list respectively.The Welsh wizard Ryan Giggs made his debut for Manchester United aged 17-years-old as a substitute against Everton at Old Trafford in March 1991. Giggs scored 168 goals during his 23-years as a player for the club, a tally that puts him among the list of the all-time top goalscorers for Manchester United. He won 34 trophies with Manchester United and is the most decorated player in English soccer history, helping the club to 13 English Premier League titles and two UEFA Champions League trophies – Giggs is fourth in the list of players with most games played in the UEFA Champions League. The Cardiff-born winger played 64 times for Wales and was appointed manager of the Wales national team in January 2018. The class of ‘92 Ryan Giggs was part of Manchester United’s 1992 FA Youth Cup winning squad alongside David Beckham, Paul Scholes, Gary Neville, Phil Neville, and Nicky Butt. This group of players went on to become known as the Class of ’92 and, as senior players, led Manchester United through a dominant era of success under the management of Sir Alex Ferguson, most notably winning the English Premier League, the FA Cup, and the UEFA Champions League in 1998/99. The Class of ‘92 are now majority shareholders in Salford City Football Club, who play in the fourth tier of English soccer in 2019/20. 
 This statistic shows the revenue share of the LVMH Group worldwide in 2019, by geographic region. In 2019, LVMH Group's global revenue share from the United States was 24 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Arizona Cardinals from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Arizona Cardinals was 61,323. 
 There were 604 road deaths recorded in Belgium in 2018. Belgium had been able to decrease the number of people fatally injured on its roads by nearly half since 2006. 2011 and 2015 were the only years in which the number of fatal accidents increased. As of August 2019, there were 7.61 million motor vehicles registered in the country. Road deaths in Europe Belgium ranked 14th in a list of European countries with the highest number of traffic accident related deaths per million population. In 2018, the Benelux country recorded 53 road fatalities per one million inhabitants. Non-fatal incidents 2017 saw 48,451 people injured in road accidents in Belgium, the lowest figure since the beginning of the reporting period in 2006. Figures for non-fatal road accidents echoed the development seen for fatal incidents. The only noticeable spike was recorded in 2011. 
 This statistic gives information on the preferred social login ID used by internet users worldwide. During the second quarter of 2016, data analysis revealed that 53.1 percent of social logins were through a Facebook account. Approximately one percent of internet users used their Twitter account to login to a website. 
 This statistic shows the lobbying expenditure of the NRA in the United States from 1998 to 2019. As of July 2019, the NRA spent about 860,000 U.S. dollars on lobbying. This is a significant decrease from 2018, when the NRA spent about 5.08 million on lobbying expenses. 
 This statistic displays the clearance rate of arson offenses in the United States in 2018, by type. In 2018, about 22.1 percent of all arsons were cleared by either arrest of exceptional means. 
 The statistic shows data on sexism in advertising in the United States as of July 2016. During a survey, 76 percent of respondents stated they had seen advertising they deemed "offensive" to women. 
 The statistic illustrates the revenue of Miele & Cie. from 2006/07 to 2017/18. In its fiscal year 2016/17, Miele made total revenue of 4.1 billion euros worldwide, a record high. Miele's annual sales have witnessed continuous growth during the measured period. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who were using Facebook as of February 2019, sorted by gender. During that period of time, 75 percent of female respondents stated that they used the social networking site. 
 This statistic presents the number of registered Viber chat app users from June 2011 to March 2019. As of that month, the mobile messenger had almost 1.1 billion registered users worldwide. The chat app had been acquired by Japanese e-commerce company Rakuten in February 2014 for 900 million U.S. dollars, making it the second-most expensive acquisition of the e-commerce platform up to date. As of October 2018, Viber users in the United States generated an average of 9.8 monthly usage sessions, ranking the messaging app behind LINE, Kik, Snapchat, and Facebook Messenger in terms of user engagement. 
 The timeline depicts the player expenses of the New York Yankees from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the franchise had a team payroll, including benefits and bonuses, of 193 million U.S. dollars. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, the Groupon's average TTM gross profit per active customer were 27.19 US dollars, down from 27.42 US dollars in the corresponding quarter of the previous year. As of the fourth quarter of 2019, Groupon had 43.6 million active customers worldwide. 
 The statistic depicts the population density in Latin America and the Caribbean in 2017, by country. In Argentina, the population density was estimated at around 16.2 people per square kilometer. 
 This statistic shows the direct investment position of the United States in Japan from 2000 to 2018, on a historical-cost basis. In 2018, the U.S. investments made in Japan were valued at approximately 125 billion U.S. dollars. The total direct position of the United States abroad amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This timeline represents eBay Enterprise's, formerly known as GSI Commerce, annual net revenue from 1999 to 2014, in million U.S. dollars. In 2010, GSI Commerce reported a net revenue of 1.36 billion U.S. dollars before being acquired by eBay in June 2011. 
 This statistic presents data on the volume of milk consumed per capita in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2007 to 2012. In 2010 the volume of milk consumed amounted to 104.7 liters per capita, the largest volume in the six-year period. 
 As of 2019, the Dutch national men’s football team was positioned 12th on the FIFA World Ranking. This is an increase compared to the previous year, when the national team was ranked 14th. The best position was reached in 2010 and 2011, when The Dutch Eleven reached a second place, after reaching the final of the World Cup 2010 in South Africa. The national women’s football team, on the other hand, ranked 3rd in 2019, behind Germany and current World Champion United States. The Dutch women were very successful in the last two major tournaments with a European title in 2017 and a second place during the World Cup France in 2019. Club and player market values Eredivisie Ajax, PSV and Feyenoord are the traditional top three clubs of the highest football division in the Netherlands. Ajax Amsterdam had a total market value of approximately 370 million euros (based on player values) in 2019, whereas PSV Eindhoven and Feyenoord Rotterdam had a combined market value of 309.39 million euros. Looking at the value of Eredivisie players in 2019, the best ranked Dutch international footballer playing in the domestic league was Donny van de Beek (Ajax) with 40 million euros. Steven Bergwijn from PSV and Daley Blind from Ajax had a market value of 35 million and 24 million euros, respectively. Stadium capacity of Dutch football stadiums The Johan Cruijf Arena, home of Ajax and the Dutch national team for most of their matches, had a total stadium capacity of roughly 55,000. De Kuip (Feyenoord Rotterdam) could hold 47,500 people, whereas Philips Stadion of PSV Eindhoven had a capacity of 35,500. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in the state of New York from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, unemployment in New York was 4.1 percent. 
 The value of the DJIA index amounted to 28,256.03 on January 31, 2020. Dow Jones Industrial Average index – additional information The Dow Jones Industrial Average index is a price-weighted average of 30 of the largest American publicly traded companies on New York Stock Exchange and NASDAQ, including Goldman Sachs, IBM and Walt Disney. This index is considered to be a barometer of the state of the American economy. DJIA index was created in 1986 by Charles Dow. Along with the NASDAQ 100 and S&P 500 indices, it is amongst the most well-known and used stock indexes in the world. The year that the financial crisis unfolded, 2008, was one of the worst years of the Dow. It was also in 2008 that some of the largest ever recorded losses of the Dow Jones Index based on single-day points were registered. On September 29th of 2008, for instance, the Dow had a loss of 106.85 points, one of the largest single-day losses of all times. The best years in the history of the index still are 1915, when the index value increased by 81.66 percent in one year, and 1933, year when the index registered a growth of 63.74 percent. 
 This statistic shows the distribution of France public budget breakdown by spending area in 2019 in million euros. In 2019, the French government decided to spend roughly 72 billion euros for education, 44.3 billion euros for defense and 20.1 billion euros for security, yet the largest share of governmental spending in France was repaid back to the tax payers of France. Since 2012, the tax revenue in France has been increasing, mostly because of the value-added tax (VAT). The revenue from VAT amounted to 157 billion euros in 2017, compared to 137 billion euros in 2012. It appears that the level of taxes in France is increasing for a few years now. On the other hand, the country keeps having a rather high debt level. In 2018, the public debt in France reached 96.8 percent of the GDP. 
 As of 2019, Robert Lewandowski is the all time leader in goals scored for the national football team of Poland with a total of 56 goals scored, followed by Wlodzimierz Lubanski with 44 goals. While Lubanski has long since retired from his career with the national team back in 1980, Lewandowski actually played in the most recent 2018 World Cup and at the time had the highest market value of players in the team by far. Disappointing World Cup 2018 for Poland Poland’s team was considered among one of the favorites prior to the tournament, resulting in an even bigger disappointment when not just the opener against Senegal was a lose but also their second game against Colombia, making it impossible for them to advance to the next round. Highest attendance in 2018 not at the World Cup The highest stadium attendance for Poland in 2018 was at an international friendly match against Korea Republic on March 28th in Chorzow with 53,129 attendees. The 2018 World Cup matches versus Senegal and Columbia hosted 44,190 and 42,873 respectively. The highest attendance in history for Poland was back in 1958 against Hungary with approximately 110 thousand stadium spectators. 
 The statistic shows Russia's share of the global gross domestic product (GDP) adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, Russia's share of global GDP (in relation to PPP dollars) amounted to about 3.12 percent. 
 This statistic shows the number of immigrations in to Sweden in 2019, by top twenty countries of origin. The majority of immigrants in Sweden that year were Swedes returning to Sweden. The remaining top five countries of origin were India, Afghanistan, Syria and Iraq. 
 The statistics shows the domestic box office revenue of the Star Wars movies. The most recent movie in the franchise, "Solo: A Star Wars Story", generated almost 214 million U.S. dollars at the North American box office. 
 This statistic presents the volume of money market instruments outstanding in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the volume of the money market instruments outstanding in the United States was approximately 0.99 trillion U.S. dollars. The money market is an informal network of banks, brokers, dealers and financial institutions which are linked electronically. Money market mutual funds are the most accessible option for individual investors in the money market. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Buffalo Bills, franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Buffalo Bills was 386 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees at Deloitte worldwide from 2006 to 2019. Deloitte employed 312,028 members of staff globally in 2019. Deloitte – additional information Deloitte, or to give it its full name, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited was founded in London in 1845, and as of 2017, its headquarters were located in New York City. Deloitte is one of the largest professional services firms and is included in the Big Four along with Price Waterhouse Coopers (PwC), Ernst & Young (EY) and KPMG. Deloitte provides a range of services encompassing tax, consulting, financial advisory and audit and enterprise risk and since 2006, Deloitte have reported their worldwide revenue divided by these functions. Audit and risk services remained the largest revenue generator for the company since 2006 when the service amounted to 9.8 billion U.S. dollars. In 2018, the consulting service exceeded the revenue of audit and risk services and in 2019 it contributed with 18.7 billion U.S. dollars, audit and risk services with 15.5 billion U.S. dollars, tax with 8.3 billion U.S. dollars and financial advisory services which amounted to 3.8 billion U.S. dollars. Deloitte versus the Big Four In terms of number of employees worldwide, Deloitte ranked first out of the big four accounting firms in 2019. With 312,028 employees on its payroll, Deloitte had more employees than its nearest rival EY who had 284,018 in 2019. In a breakdown of the revenue of the big four accounting/audit firms worldwide by geographical region in 2019, Deloitte was ranked top firm in the Americas where it generated 22.1 billion U.S. dollars. When it came to Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific however, PwC generated around 1.7 billion U.S. dollars more than Deloitte. 
 The statistic presents U.S. sales figures of the 'Fifty Shades of Grey' trilogy in 2012, broken down by platform. The book sold 29 million print and 15 million digital copies in 2012. It topped the 2012 best-seller lists in the categories adult fiction and romance. 
 A slightly lower share of women than men access the internet via mobile phone in Great Britain, according to figures from the United Kingdom’s (UK) Office for National Statistics (ONS). 80 percent of men aged 16 years or older reported accessing the internet this way, compared with 78 percent of women. Smartphone ownership As of 2018, 95 percent of people aged 16 to 34 years owned a smartphone. While it is to be expected that ownership rates decline with age, the share of people over the age of 55 who own a smartphone is growing. 42 percent of people in this age bracket owned a smartphone in 2016, whereas that rate climbed to more than 50 percent for the first time in 2018. Globally, it is expected that 40 percent of the population will own a smartphone by 2021. Apple at the top of the tree Apple are the leading smartphone manufacturer in the UK, holding a market share of 51.46 percent. Apple continue to generally grow their share of the market, increasing their stake from 46.01 percent in 2010. Samsung held 28.86 percent of the market in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the number of deaths caused by traffic accidents in Vietnam from 2014 to 2018. In the most recent reported year, the number of deaths amounted to approximately 8.13 thousand, indicating a decrease of 154 deaths compared to 2017. 
 This statistic presents the distribution of active Viber chat app users as of January 2015, sorted by global region. As of that month, 25 percent of the mobile messenger's user base were located in Asia and Asia Pacific. The Middle East accounted for 15 percent of Viber messenger users. 
 This statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) of the European Union from 2014 to 2024 in billion U.S. dollars. In 2018, the EU's GDP amounted to about 18.74 trillion U.S. dollars. Brexit and the economy of the European Union The European Union is still recovering from the crisis in 2008, but it is by no means making an impressive comeback and 2016 has not started out on the right foot either. Total GDP of the European Union staggered in 2012 and even moreso in 2015. Recent events are also bound to reduce consumer confidence and drag down growth. The year began with the economic slowdown in China and has continued on with the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the European Union. The long term effects this decision is expected to have have an overall negative effect on GDP growth within the European Union. However, the effects will likely hit the UK and Ireland more so. By 2030, it is expected that the GDP growth of the European Union will be negative at around minus 0.36 percent. Even considering an optimistic scenario, GDP of the UK is expected to decrease by 2.72 percent by 2030, as well - a pessimistic forecast even reducing GDP growth to a 7.7 percent decrease. Yet, it is still too early to tell how Brexit will play out in reality, but it will almost certainly impact current future projections of GDP growth in the European Union and the Euro Area. 
 This statistic shows the net income generated by Intel from 2004 to 2019. In 2012, Intel reported a net income of 11 billion U.S. dollars. In 2011, Intel had a global workforce of 100 thousand employees. In 2019, Intel recorded a net income of 21.05 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows average ad spending by small businesses in the United Kingdom in 2011 and 2013. In 2013, spending reached 3,029 British pounds. Advertising spending grew by more than half during the period in consideration. Television is still a key source for all advertising spend in the United Kingdom and has seen significant growth since 1999. In 2017 the net advertising spend for television was 4.4 billion British pounds, an addition of nearly 1 billion British pounds since 1999. In an ever growing world of technology, it is no surprise to see that paid search has seen substantial growth. With more and more consumers owning a mobile phone and laptop, as well as people who have access to the internet nearly all day long, advertising spend for paid search has sky rocketed. In 2005 the first year that was recorded for this type of advertising, the net advertising spend was 768 million British pounds. This number has since grown to 6.15 billion British pounds in 2015, an increase of nearly 800 percent. 
 This statistic depicts the net sales share of Estée Lauder worldwide in 2017, by distribution channel. In that year, 42 percent of the Estée Lauder Companies net sales were generated by department stores. Estée Lauder Companies is headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City and was founded in 1946 by Joseph Lauder and his wife Estée Lauder. The company is a manufacturer and marketer of prestige skincare, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. 
 In 2018, the infant mortality rate in the Netherlands was 3.5. This means that out of every 1,000 newborns, nearly four died before their first birthday. Infant mortality was lowest in 2015, when the rate was 3.3 deaths per 1,000 live born children. In total, nearly 170,000 babies were born in 2018. An infant mortality rate of 3.5 means that roughly 590 of these babies would not survive their first year. Steadily declining infant mortality Despite a slight increase in infant mortality in the last two years, medical developments have ensured a remarkable decrease in the number of children dying in their infancy. In 1950, out of every 1,000 live born babies nearly 27 would die in their first year. This was over seven times as high as today. Infant mortality in Western Europe The infant mortality rate in the Netherlands is comparable to other Western European countries. In the United Kingdom for example, the infant mortality rate was 3.9 in 2017, whereas France had a mortality rate of 3.6 in 2018. A slightly lower infant mortality was observed in neighboring Belgium, where the mortality rate was 3.1 in 2017. 
 This statistic depicts the number of employees of JPMorgan Chase worldwide from 2008 to 2018. The number of JPMorgan Chase employees amounted to 256,105 in 2018. JPMorgan Chase – additional information JPMorgan Chase, along with Wells Fargo, Bank of America and Citigroup, is one of the leading banks in the United States. Headquartered in New York, JPMorgan Chase was the largest U.S. banks in terms of total assets in 2016, and it had the fifth position in the global ranking in 2014. JPMorgan Chase is also one of the largest banks in the world with regards to market capitalization. As of June 2019, the company's market cap amounted to approximately 369 billion U.S. dollars, making it the leading bank worldwide, by market capitalization. The number of JP Morgan Chase employees has decreased since 2011, when the bank employed 259,940 people. In 2016, the bank had just over 234 thousand employees, nearly 25 thousand less than five years before. Along with Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase is one of the largest U.S. employers in the banking sector. Both JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo are listed in the world's 50 largest companies based on number of employees rank, placing 43rd and 36th respectively, and amongst the top companies in the world in terms of market value, valued in almost 226 billion U.S. dollars and nearly 280 billion U.S. dollars respectively. 
 In 2008, approximately 26.5 million households in France disposed of one television or more. In 2017, the number of French households owning at least one television amounted to 28.6 million. Due to the implementation of new broadcasting resolution technologies, such as the 4K UHD, and to the growing affordability of high-end televisions, this figure could increase in the coming years. Streaming and Internet TV The advent of Smart TVs seems to have increased people’s fondness for television. The possibility of accessing online content through a television brought about a new internet-based broadcasting system. Companies such as the American Netflix profited immensely from this new technology. In France alone, Netflix recorded a 31 percent coverage among youths aged 15 to 24 years in June 2018 . Moreover, among the total French audience, Netflix’s coverage increased from 7,7 percent in October 2017 to 14,3 percent in May 2018. Nevertheless, the United Kingdom remains the leading Netflix market in Europe based on subscription numbers: almost 7 million people in the country subscribed to Netflix as of December 2017. The future of European cinemas? The expansion of Netflix and other streaming services in Europe seems to have had an ambivalent impact on the traditional cinema industry. Even though Germany is only slightly ahead of France in matters of internet TV penetration, the number cinema goers in Germany has decreased from a total of 135.9 million visitors in 2015 to only 100.1 million in 2018. Germany also happens to be the second leading market for Netflix in Europe. On the other hand, in France, there was an increasing number of cinema admissions recorded between 2013 and 2016. 
 This statistic shows the value of honey production in the U.S. from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the value of honey production in the United States came to around 333.5 million U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the gross output of the United States mining industry from 1998 to 2018. In 2018, the gross output of this industry came to around 624 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. mining industry The mining industry in the United States is a huge sector – especially when oil and gas extraction is included. In 2018, the industry generated a gross output of nearly 624 billion U.S. dollars. In 2000, this figure stood at just 218 billion. The value added through this industry was nearly 346.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, while this figure was around 81 billion in 1998. Employment in this industry has steadily been increasing over time. In 2000, employment stood at 521 thousand, and by 2018 this figure had increased to some 672 thousand. The leading U.S. metal and mineral mining companies are Nucor from Charlotte, Freeport-McMoRan from Phoenix, United States Steel from Pittsburgh, and Alcoa from New York. Alcoa is a major player in the aluminum business, covering all segments of production from mining to recycling. In 2018, this company generated some 13.4 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. However, U.S. companies are not among the top ten mining companies worldwide based on revenue. The most predominant company worldwide is British-Swiss corporation Glencore International, which is active in every segment of the commodity business. In total, Glencore made approximately 220 billion U.S. dollars worth of revenue in 2018. However, a large part of this amount was not made from businesses connected with mining. Globally, the top 40 mining companies made some 683 billion U.S. dollars of revenue combined in 2018. 
 In 2017, there were 106 recorded traffic fatalities in Norway. The Scandinavian country had seen the number of road deaths drop significantly in the last ten years and by 2017 reported 20 incidents per one million inhabitants. This was the lowest road fatality prevalence in Europe. The Norwegian Government follows the multi-national road safety plan “Vision Zero”, which seeks to see the number of fatalities and serious injuries reduced to zero. In its “National Plan of Action for Road Safety” the Government elaborated on its short-term goals of having a maximum of 350 such incidents by 2030. Non-fatal accidents In order to reach said goals, the country still has some way to go. Despite more than halving the number of road accidents, by 2017 there were still 5,262 people, who had been non-fatally injured on Norwegian roads. Vehicle stock As of 2018, there were a total of 5.52 million vehicles registered in the country. Passenger cars accounted for the lion’s share of these at 2.75 million and were followed by trailers. 
 The statistic shows home security solutions sales in the United States from 2012 to 2017. In 2014, home security solutions sales amounted to 4.11 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the continents with the most fatalities from natural disasters in 2018. Of the total fatalities from natural disasters worldwide in 2018, approximately 79.8 percent occurred in Asia. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in badminton in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in badminton amounted to approximately 6.43 million. 
 This statistic depicts the average weekly working hours of all employees in the United States from 2007 to 2019. In 2019, the average working week was 34.4 hours long. 
 In the UK, 60 percent of the population shop online and the consumers’ favorite item to buy online were clothes and sports goods. According to the 2019 results of an annual interview conducted by the Office for National Statistics, more than 40 percent of individuals in the United Kingdom (UK) purchased holiday accommodation, household goods and event tickets online. Services and products least popular with online consumers were medicine, computer hardware and telecommunication services, which only less than 20 percent of households choose to purchase online. Retail shopping online In the UK’s highly mature e-commerce market, one prominent sector where online flourishes is retail. As of 2018, online accounted for more than 20 percent of all retail industry sales in the United Kingdom. Clothing and footwear items proved their popularity with consumers yet again and displayed the highest growth in online sales as recently as June 2019. Shopping online on smartphones With rapid changes in the ways that individuals integrate online into their lives, online shopping changes patterns as well. More and more smartphone owners seem to be using their devices for buying goods online. According to Ipsos Media’s tech tracker surveys, 44 percent of consumers were shopping online via their smartphones in the first quarter of 2019. 
 This statistic shows the consumption of ice cream per capita in Canada from 2004 to 2016. Ice cream consumption in Canada amounted to approximately 4.44 liters per capita in 2016, down from 4.52 liters the previous year. Ice cream in Canada - additional information Ice cream, most often classed as a dairy product, comes in a variety of different flavors and is usually made from cream or milk, with added natural or artificial flavorings, sweeteners and colorings. Some ice creams are served soft and some are served hard. Before the invention of modern refrigerators, ice cream was a luxury product for special occasions. Today, ice cream is eaten frequently, commonly as a sweet treat, snack or dessert. That said, recent statistics indicate a decline in the consumption of ice cream: in the decade between 2004 and 2014, Canada’s per capita consumption of ice cream fell from 9.15 liters to just 5.49 liters. Canada’s neighbor to the south, the United States, also reported a decline in the consumption of ice cream during this time frame, although the decrease was less pronounced. Canada produced around 195 thousand kiloliters of ice cream in 2014 and imported close to three quarters of a million kilograms in the same year. In recent years, a popular alternative to ice cream has emerged onto the market: frozen yogurt. Frozen yogurt, as the name implies, is made from yogurt and usually contains milk instead of cream making it a healthier and less sweet option. Frozen yogurt stores and stands have become a common trend and the dessert is now served in a large variety of flavors with toppings. Canada’s production of both hard and soft frozen yogurt has more than doubled since 2005, exceeding 18 million liters in 2013. 
 The graph shows the likelihood of subscribing to Disney's new online video streaming service (Disney+) among adults in the United States as of February 2019. The data reveals that just nine percent of surveyed U.S. adults said that they were very likely to sign up to Disney+ upon its launch in 2019, and 39 percent said that they were not at all likely to subscribe to the streaming service. 
 This statistic shows Celanese's revenue between 2007 and 2018. Celanese Corporation is a U.S.-based technology and specialty materials company. In 2018, the corporation made some 7.15 billion U.S. dollars of revenue. 
 This statistic presents the number of social media actions generated per post by top luxury brands. During the first quarter of 2017, an average social media post by Chanel generated 107,953 social media actions. In constrast, top Chanel influencer Cara Delevigne generated an average user engagement of 662,894 interactions per post. 
 Revenue derived from the sales of major domestic appliances in the United Kingdom reached 1.119 billion British pounds in the third quarter of 2019. This is 5.8 percent less than the 1.188 billion British pounds generated in Q3 2018. Share of households with dishwashers, washers and dryers Dishwashers, washing machines and dryers are three of the major appliances in this category. Washing machines are all but ubiquitous in the United Kingdom, with 98 percent of households owning one as of 2018. Dryers are in far fewer households, with just 58 percent of households opting to own a tumble dryer. Households with children are the most likely to own a washing machine, with several household compositions involving children achieving a 100 percent ownership rate. 49 percent of households own a dishwasher as of 2018. Small domestic appliance revenue During the first quarter of 2019, revenue from the sale of small domestic appliances in the UK amounted to 564 million British pounds. Small domestic appliances include household appliances such as toasters, coffee makers, food processors, and other table-top or counter-top electric goods. 
 This statistic provides a projection of the engineering, procurement, and construction (EPC) market value at the end of 2019, broken down by world region. By the end of that year, Western Europe's EPC market is expected to reach a value of 1.62 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Jacksonville Jaguars games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 81.54 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Argentina in 2017 and 2018 with projections until 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in Argentina is expected to reach 28 million, up from 24.5 million in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the distribution of travel and tourism's contribution to GDP in Japan in 2017, by type of travel. That year, leisure travel spending generated approximately 16.72 trillion Japanese yen of direct travel and tourism GDP. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in Canada from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the unemployment rate in Canada was at around 5.83 percent. Canada’s economy Three-quarter of Canada’s workforce is employed in the services sector, with the other two sectors, agriculture and industry, accounting for the rest of Canada’s employment. The country’s main export and import partner is the United States. Although both export and import figures have increased over the last few years, the trade balance of goods in Canada – i.e. the value of Canada’s exports minus the value of its imports – has slumped dramatically since the economic crisis hit in 2008. In 2009, for the first time in a decade, Canada reported a trade deficit, and the figures are still struggling to recover. Additionally, Canada’s public debt has been increasing since the crisis. Although a few key figures are still not back to the usual level, Canada and its economy seem to have more or less bounced back from the crisis; as can be seen above, the unemployment rate is gradually decreasing, for example, and gross domestic product / GDP in Canada has been increasing steadily. Canada is thus among the countries with the largest proportion of global gross domestic product / GDP based on Purchasing Power Parity. Canada is among the leading trading nations worldwide, and an important part of its economy is the export of oil. The country hosts significant oil resources, in fact, its capacity is the third-largest after those of Saudi Arabia and Venezuela. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Honduras from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Honduras was estimated to be at approximately 4.11 percent. 
 This graph shows the number of reported motorcycle thefts in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, California had 7,035 motorcycles reported as stolen. 
 The graph shows the highest earning eSports countries worldwide in 2018, ranked by prize money won. According to the estimates, Chinese eSports gamers brought home over 16 million U.S. dollars of winnings from eSports competitions in 2018. The U.S ranked first with 28 million U.S dollars in prize money won. 
 This statistic shows inbound visitor growth in Africa from 2018 to 2022. In 2018, inbound visitor numbers to Africa increased by 12 percent over the previous year. Inbound visitors to the region was forecast to grow by 5.1 percent in 2022. 
 This statistic shows the number of cars sold by Chevrolet in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 to December 2019. In 2013, the brand was withdrawn from Europe. Buyers are still able to import vehicles via the United States, including the 62 units registered in 2019. 
 This statistic displays the number of enterprises in the restaurants and mobile food service activities industry in the European Union (EU-28) in 2016, by country. In 2016, there were approximately 168,300 enterprises in the restaurants and mobile food service activities industry in France. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Boston Red Sox franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 3.2 billion U.S. dollars.The Boston Red Sox are owned by John Henry and Thomas Werner, who bought the franchise for 380 million U.S. dollars in 2002. 
 This statistic gives information on the overall amount spent on mobile games by mobile games in the United States from 2014 to 2016. During the last reported period, it was found that the average overall mobile gaming expenditure per user amounted to 77.6 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the share of different age groups across the U.S. population who were enrolled in either primary or secondary school as of October 2018. Of those aged 3 to 4 years old, 54 percent were enrolled in school. 
 Eighteen to twenty-nine-year-olds were the largest group of current marijuana smokers in the United States in 2019. Roughly a quarter of the age group were current smokers, with usage dipping among older age groups. Seniors were the least likely, with only three percent stating that they were current smokers. Support for legalization Although cannabis is still federally illegal, it has been legalized for recreational consumption in 10 states since 2012. Nationwide support for the federal legalization of cannabis has grown every year, with 18 to 34-year-olds being the biggest supporters. Seventy-eight-percent of Americans in that age group supported marijuana legalization in 2018, nearly double the level of support in 2003. Approval of legalization is more than 50 percent among all age groups. Approval for medical use Support for the medical usage of cannabis is even higher, and unlike recreational usage, approval levels are very close among all age groups. The average degree of support among all age groups was seventy-four percent. In contrast to the young age of most recreational smokers, in Oregon, one of the first state to legalize recreational cannabis, the highest share of people registered as medical marijuana patients were 55 to 69 years old. 
 There were 18 reported road deaths in Iceland in 2018. This was a slight increase compared to the previous year, but an increase of 14 incidents compared to the low reported in 2014. The Northern European island state is known for enforcing a strict road safety policy in order to ensure the security of its residents and tourists in the country. The Icelandic Transport Authority encourages visitors to familiarize themselves with local weather and climate conditions in order to minimize the possibility of accidents. The same year saw the number of non-fatal road accidents decline to 1,271. Motorization rate As of 2016, there were 711 registered passenger cars per 1,000 inhabitants in the country. This was the highest motorization rate since the beginning of the reporting period in 1990, with 2017 having seen a particularly prominent increase. Car stock The stock of passenger cars also grew steadily in the same time period. It reached a peak of 240,000 units in 2017, having exactly doubled in size since 1990. 
 This statistic shows the rate of crimes in Sweden from 2007 to 2017 per 100,000 inhabitants. The rate of crimes in Sweden in 2017 was 15,062 crimes per 100,000 inhabitants. The highest number during the considered period was reached in 2015, with 15,342 crimes per 100,000 inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Argentina from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Argentina was at about 8.8 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 The statistic shows the number of high net worth individuals in the biggest metropolitan areas of the United States in 2014. In 2014, the metropolitan area of New York had about 963 thousand high net worth individuals - individuals who hold at least 1 million U.S. dollars in financial assets - thus leading the ranking. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Norway from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 82.25 percent of Norway's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the production of sweet potatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, approximately 31.55 million cwt of potatoes were produced in the country in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the total revenue of the UEFA from the 2004/05 season to the 2017/18 season. The season runs from July 1 to June 30 of the following year. The revenue of the 2017/18 season was 2.79 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the NBA all-time minutes played leaders from 1946 to 2020. As of February 2020, Dirk Nowitzki was third on the list with a total of 51,367 minutes played in regular season NBA games. He became only the sixth player in NBA history to play more than 50,000 NBA regular season minutes in a game against the Los Angeles Clippers in February 2018. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Toronto Blue Jays franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.5 billion U.S. dollars. The Toronto Blue Jays are owned by Rogers Communications, who bought the franchise for 137 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 The statistic presents the value of homeowner equity in the United States from 1960 to 2018. Home equity value is calculated by subtracting the value of remaining mortgage debt from the market value of the real estate property. That means that the value of home equity increases as the debtor pays off the mortgage. The value of homeowner equity in the United States increased from approximately 6.16 trillion U.S. dollars in 2010 to approximately 15.54 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Nepal from 2014 to 2019, with projections through 2024. In 2019, Nepal's real gross domestic product increased by around 7.05 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Cambodia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Cambodia's gross domestic product amounted to around 24.44 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Haiti from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Haiti amounted to about 12.89 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the most important problems for small businesses in the U.S. in January 2020. During the survey, about 26 percent of the respondents stated that the most important problem for small businesses was labor quality. 
 The statistic shows the average number of beauty segments purchased by women in the United States in 2014, by age group. The survey by the TABS Group revealed that women between the ages of 25 to 34 purchase 9.8 different beauty segments on average. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Kansas City Royals from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 244 million U.S. dollars.The Kansas City Royals are owned by David Glass, who bought the franchise for 96 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 The statistic illustrates the occupancy rate of hotels in London by quarter from 2011 to 2013. In the first quarter of 2011 the occupancy rate of hotels in London was 75.8 percent. London hotel occupancy rate - additional information The highest occupancy rate for London hotels during this timeframe was forecasted for the third quarter of 2012 at 91.9 percent. A much lower occupancy rate of 75.2 percent was forecasted for the first quarter of 2013. When measuring the performance of a hotel, the occupancy rate is just one benchmark. In order to get an accurate indication of performance, the average daily rate (ADR) and the revenue per available room (RevPAR) should also be assessed. As well as having a high occupancy rate in the third quarter of 2012, a high average daily rate was also forecasted for this time. This is likely to have been the case due to the Olympics being held in London from July 27 to August 12, 2012 – an event which cost more than 10 billion British pounds. The largest expense of the London 2012 Olympics was the venues, which cost around 2,700 pounds. Other large expenses included the Olympic Village and media centers and counter-terrorism operations. London is the largest city in the United Kingdom, attracting nearly 15.5 million tourists in 2012. Edinburgh was the second most popular city, but a much smaller number of 1.26 million people visited there that year. London is generally an expensive place to visit, especially for business travelers for whom it was the sixth most expensive city in the world outside of the U.S. As the costs of living are so high, people working in London tend to earn more than their counterparts in the rest of the country. A hotel manager working in London could expect to earn anything from 50 to 200,000 British pounds a year. 
 The timeline depicts the gate receipts of the New York Yankees from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the gate receipts of the New York Yankees were at 284 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 2004 to 2015 with projections up to 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2015, the GDP per capita in Myanmar amounted to around 1,219.48 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of Best Western hotels worldwide from 2009 to 2015. There were 4,046 Best Western hotels worldwide as of January 1, 2014, up from 4,013 at the same time the previous year. 
 In 2017 over 12 million tourist arrivals were recorded at accommodation establishments in Romania. Since 2009, figures have been steadily rising, with more and more domestic as well as international arrivals in Romanian tourist accommodation. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Costa Rica from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Costa Rica was 8.19 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average number of people per family in Canada from 2000 to 2017. The average Canadian household in 2017 consisted of 2.9 people, compared to 3.0 people in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the capital expenditure (CAPEX) of Royal Dutch Shell Plc from 2011 to 2018, in million U.S. dollars. In 2018, Shell's CAPEX amounted to some 23.01 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Orlando Magic games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 35.29 U.S. dollars. 
 In the 2018/2019 crop year, China produced some 148.5 million metric tons of milled rice, a higher volume than any other country. India came in second place with 116.42 million metric tons of milled rice in that crop year. Milled rice After the rice is grown and harvested from rice paddies, it undergoes a process to prepare it for human consumption, known as milling. Milling removes the rice husk and bran layers, and the end product is the rice that can be found in your local grocery store or supermarket. The total volume of milled rice produced worldwide reached 495.9 million metric tons in the 2018/2019 crop year. Rice consumption worldwide The top rice consuming countries are China, India, and Indonesia in that order. In 2018/2019, China’s rice consumption amounted to 143.79 million metric tons. The per capita consumption of rice worldwide has remained remarkably stable since the year 2000, and amounted to about 53.9 kilograms per year in 2018/2019. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Arizona Cardinals games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 84.83 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Saudi Arabia from 2007 to 2017. The fertility rate is the average number of children born by one woman while being of child-bearing age. In 2017, Saudi Arabia's fertility rate amounted to 2.37 children born per woman. 
 This statistic shows Total S.A.'s proved reserves by geographical region in 2018, measured in million barrels of oil equivalent. In the Americas, there was a total of approximately 1.94 billion barrels of oil equivalent in 2018. Total S.A. is one of the world's largest oil and gas companies. The French company, headquartered in Paris-Courbevoie, specializes in the entire oil and gas chain, as well as chemical manufacturing. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Nigeria from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Nigeria was at about 75.7 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This graph depicts the total regular season home attendance of the New York Yankees from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the regular season home attendance of the New York Yankees was at 3.3 million. • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the estimated age structure in Iraq in 2017. In 2017, about 39.01 percent of Iraq's total population was estimated to be aged between 0 and 14 years. 
 The statistic shows the share of members of different etnicities or races within the Millennials in the U.S. The term Millennials refers to the age group 18 to 34 here. In 2011, 60 percent of the Millennials in the United States were non-Hispanic Whites. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Portugal from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Portugal was around 269.53 billion U.S. dollars. 
 Uber Technologies went public on May 9, 2019. This was the largest initial public offering (IPO) in the United States in 2019, raising 8.1 billion U.S. dollars. As shown in this statistic, the ten largest IPOs that year each raised over a billion dollars in capital. Why do companies go public? Private companies have limited access to capital and mainly use traditional sources to finance their expenditures. While such firms have more freedom to operate without reporting to investors, this also blocks the companies from raising access directly from the public. The value raised by IPOs can be significant. In hopes of gaining access to this capital, the number of IPOs in the United States generally exceeds 100 firms each year. Risks of an IPO IPO is a long and costly process. It necessitates cooperation with investment advisory firms to ensure that all requirements are met and that the process is optimally planned. A public company is subject to governmental and public scrutiny – any negative information, such as rumors about insider trading, can result in falling stock prices. Also, the time when going public is crucial. Even a prospering company can have a very low return in times of recession. 
 Among member countries of the Organization of Economic Co-operation and Development (OECD), the United States have one of the highest densities of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) units. Nearly 38 such units are available per every million of its population. Germany and South Korea follow with rates of some 34 and 29 per one million of its inhabitants. Compared to these countries, Israel has around five and Hungary four MRI units per every million. The density of diagnostic imaging units can be one measurement to define the quality of a country’s health care infrastructure. Why and when MRI is used The invention of MRI scanners revolutionized diagnostic imaging as it doesn’t use radiation, but a magnetic field and radio waves. Since ionized radiation as used in CT-scans and X-rays is potentially harmful for the patient, this includes a significant advantage for MRIs. MRI scans are principally used for imaging organs, soft tissues, ligaments, and other parts of the body which are difficult to see. While on the other hand, computer tomography (CT) scanners are more frequently used to show bony structures. Among the global top manufacturers of MRI scanners are General Electric, Siemens, Hitachi, and Philips. The costs of MRI A single scan per MRI could cost up to 4,000 U.S. dollars, and thus double the cost of a scan with CT. The purchase of an MRI scanner could be a major investment for a practice or a hospital, with prices ranging from 150 thousand dollars up to several million dollars. Of course, there are installation and maintenance costs to be taken into account as well. With nearly 40 million MRI scans performed annually in the United States, it’s clear that diagnostic imaging costs are substantial. 
 The statistic shows share of internet users in the United States in 2019, sorted by annual household income. During the survey period, it was found that 82 percent of the population with a household income of less than 30,000 U.S. dollars per year were internet users. Overall, 90 percent of the U.S. population accessed the internet. 
 This statistic outlines the number of employees at PetroChina from 2009 to 2018. PetroChina Company Limited is a Chinese oil and gas company, and China's biggest oil producer. The company is headquartered in Beijing. In 2018, the company employed 476,223 people. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Costa Rica from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Costa Rican population was 31.2 years. 
 This statistic represents FCA/Chrysler's vehicle sales market share in the United States in 2014 and 2018. In 2018, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) had a U.S. market share of around 12 percent. Chrysler merged with Fiat in 2014, to form Fiat Chrysler Automobiles 
 The statistic shows countries with the highest political stability in the period 2009/2010. With an index value of 1.2, Norway was the country with the world's highest political stability in 2009/2010. 
 This statistic illustrates the distribution of all owner occupier households in England in 2018/2019, by age group. Owner occupier households include all those who bought their home outright, as well as all those who purchased their home with a mortgage. Overall, it can be seen that the older the age group, the larger the share of owner occupier homeowners. A share of 0.4 percent of owner occupiers were between the ages of 16 and 24, whereas a share of 36.1 percent of owner occupiers were aged 65 and over, a difference of 35.7 percent. 
 In 2016, the proportion of adult males who smoked in Singapore was at 28.3 percent. The adult male smoking rate in Singapore had increased since 2010, despite measures taken by the Singapore government to reduce the smoking rate. These include increasing taxes on cigarettes and restricting the areas in which smoking was allowed. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price of Pittsburgh Penguins games within the National Hockey League from 2005/06 to 2014/15 In the 2005/06 season, the average ticket price was 36.61 U.S. dollars. The Penguins play their home games at the Consol Energy Center in Pittsburgh, Pennsylvania. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the U.S. dollar (EUR USD), according to the data from the European Central Bank, which cover the period from the introduction of the euro in 1999 up until 2019. The average (standardized) measure is based on the calculation of many observations throughout the period in question. It is therefore different than an annual measure at point in time, which reflects concrete values as of end of the year. Between the years of 2001 and 2008, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the U.S. dollar noted a steep increase. In 2008, the euro to U.S. dollar annual average exchange rate was equal to 1.47, which meant that one euro could buy 1.47 U.S. dollars. By 2019 this value had decreased overall, to a value of 1.12 which meant that one euro could buy 1.12 U.S. dollars. Similar dynamics in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate were also reflected in the monthly exchange rate in recent years. 
 This statistic shows the total population of the European Union from 2009 to 2019. The population is based on data from the most recent census adjusted by the components of population change produced since the last census, or based on population registers. At the beginning of 2019, the total population of the European Union amounted to approximately 513.48 million inhabitants. See figures for the total population by continent here. The global population The global population is rapidly increasing. Between 1990 and 2015, the global population has increased by around 2 billion people, and it is estimated to have increased by another 1 billion people by 2030. Asia is the continent in the world with the largest population, followed by Africa and Europe. Asia has the two most populous nations in the world: China and India. In 2014, the combined population in China and India amounted to more than 2.6 billion people. The total population in Europe is around 741 million people. As of 2014, about 10.2 percent of the global population lived in Europe. Europe is the continent with the second highest life expectancy at birth in the world. Born in 2013, the average European was estimated to live for around 78 years. Stable economies as well as developing and emerging markets in Europe provide for good living conditions for foreign nationals; seven of the top twenty countries in the world with the largest gross domestic product in 2015 are located in Europe. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Armenia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Armenia amounted to about 2.54 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic displays the projected number of people with dementia in Singapore in 2015, 2030 and 2050. According to the source, approximately 240 thousand people are projected to have dementia by 2050 in Singapore. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of the United Kingdom from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in the United Kingdom was about 2.36 trillion U.S. dollars. Reduction of the national debt and recovery of the economy in the UK The debt of the United Kingdom, which amounted to around 1,600 billion pounds in 2014 - more than it has ever been - is projected to keep rising. Since the economic recession of 2007-08, economic growth in the United Kingdom has been slow, but it has been able to recover. In 2014, the United Kingdom recorded a 2.8 percent growth rate. Many believe that if the economy is stable, the government will reduce spending and not accrue any more debt, and it can indeed be seen that while government spending continues to increase, the gap between spending and revenue is projected to get smaller. If the government were to earn more than it spends, it could use the money left over to pay the national debt and start to reduce it. However, what is even more important is the size of the debt in relation to the size of the country's economy; if the debt grows slower than the economy, the debt to GDP ratio can still fall, despite a budget deficit. The ratio of government expenditure to GDP indicates that the economy is recovering at a faster rate than government expenditure, with the ratio decreasing significantly over the last decade and the national debt in relation to GDP being expected to decrease further as well - albeit slowly. This should help relieve concerns over the United Kingdom’s mounting debt, but for some debt reduction is just not fast enough. 
 The statistic shows which food attributes are important to U.S. survey respondents when selecting a healthy meal in 2016. During the survey, 41 percent of respondents cited low-calorie options as important when selecting a healthy meal. 
 This statistic shows the global cotton stocks-to-use ratio from 1990 to 2019. In 2017, the cotton stocks-to-use ratio worldwide stood at 66 percent. The global production of cotton amounted to some 114.73 million 480-pound bales in that year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Serbia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Serbia amounted to around 7,223 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Rwanda from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Rwanda was at 1.64 percent. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide sponsorship revenue of the National Hockey League (teams/league) from 2011 to 2018. In 2017/18, the global NHL league and team sponsorship revenue amounted to 559.5 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows emigration from Denmark over the years from 2008 to 2018. Migration out of the country has been fluctuating in this time period, but overall it has been declining. In 2018, there were nearly 21 thousand Danish emigrants. 
 The statistic shows the natural rate of population growth by continent in the middle of 2014. The natural rate of population growth in Africa was 2.5 percent in the middle of 2014.The natural rate of population growth arises from the birth rate minus the death rate and without including the effects of migration.Population growthAs shown in the statistic above, the natural rate of population growth continues to increase on almost every continent in 2013.Due to medical advances, better living conditions and the increase of agricultural productivity the world population is continuously rising. The development of the world population from 1950 to 2030 is estimated to be tripled according to United Nations’ data.The majority of the world population lives in Asia, but the population in Africa is forecasted to rise from 1,031 in year 2010 up to 4,185 in year 2100. This forecast is based on the rapid growth of the developing countries, such as Africa. Developing countries are well known for its urban residents living in slum conditions. A slum is defined as a thickly populated, metropolitan area with bad living conditions and people living below the poverty line.The urban population in developing countries, who lived in slums has increased steadily for the last decades. In 1990, around 656.7 million people were living in slums in developing countries, while this number rose to 827.7 million people living in slums of developing countries in 2010.The number of people living in slums worldwide is estimated to grow from 1,145,984 in year 2010 to 1,477,291 in year 2020 by the UN-HABITAT. In some countries the population living in slums grows faster than in others, naturally. The percentage of urban slum dwellers in Morocco for example nearly doubled from 13 percent to 24 percent between 2000 and 2010, while the same rate in Turkey only grew moderately from 13 to 18 percent. 
 Music streaming revenue has increased astronomically in the last five years alone – growing from 1.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2014 to 8.8 billion in 2019. Streaming has become a popular pastime for U.S. music fans and a major source of revenue for the industry, though many traditional consumers lament the resulting decline of physical music formats. Physical CD shipments have dwindled, whilst digital music platforms are flourishing. The world of digital music Platforms like Spotify have millions of users worldwide, and millions of tracks are streamed via the service each week. In the U.S., more than 25 percent of adults under the age of 35 are Spotify users, as well as almost 20 percent of adults aged 55 or above. Unsurprisingly, the vast majority of digital music revenue in the United States is derived from subscriptions and streaming, and successful musicians like Drake, Eminem, and Ariana Grande amass billions of streams each year. Whilst many artists in the music industry generate most of their income from touring, streaming is also incredibly lucrative, generating millions of dollars in earnings. 
 The total health expenditure in South Korea in 2018 accounted for approximately 8.1 percent of Korea's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) that year. This was the result of the steepest increase in the past ten years and was the first time health spending as a share of the GDP exceeded eight percent. This share saw a continuous increase over the past decade, indicating that as the GDP grew, health spending grew at an even faster rate. Korea's GDP per capita was over 33 thousand U.S. dollars in 2018, increased from around 18.2 thousand dollars in 2009, while overall medical expenses in 2018 had increased by almost ten percent over the previous year, up to around 14.44 billion South Korean won (over 12 million U.S. dollars). Nearly 60 percent of the costs were covered by the government or the public health insurance system. Higher health spending is still insufficient Even though health spending as a share of the GDP exceeded eight percent in 2018, this was lower than the OECD average of 8.8 percent. Likewise, the government’s health expenses were around 60 percent and slightly increased from the previous year, but still lower than the OECD average of almost 74 percent. The increased expenditure was largely attributed to the introduction of what is dubbed “Moon Jae-In Care”, named after the current Korean president, much like the American Affordable Care Act is colloquially known as “Obamacare”. In short, the government will provide greatly expanded coverage for medical treatments and care, increasing the reimbursement rate of the public health insurance, along with other measures. In addition, the Korean population as a whole is rapidly aging, and more people than before are being hospitalized and receiving examinations. Koreans already see doctors far more frequently than any other OECD nationals. Strains on health spending and insurance The Korean national public health insurance system enjoyed seven years of surplus revenue since 2011 but fell into the red in 2018. As noted above, Moon Jae-In Care and the aging population are largely responsible. The years’ worth of revenue is projected to run out in the coming years. Foreigners who come to Korea as medical tourists make things worse, with an all-time high of over 380 thousand medical tourists to Korea in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the Minnesota Twins all-time home run leaders as of October 11, 2019. Harmon Killebrew has hit the most home runs in Minnesota Twins franchise history with 559 home runs. 
 This statistic illustrates the expenditure of AbbVie on research and development from 2012 to 2019. In 2018, AbbVie spent some 10.3 billion U.S. dollars on research and development. Abbot was a U.S.-based global pharmaceutical and healthcare products company, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. In January 2013, Abbott was separated into two companies: Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie. Abbott Laboratories is now specialized on medical products, while AbbVie is responsible for research-based pharmaceuticals. 
 This statistic shows degree of urbanization in Switzerland from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is defined as the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, approximately 73.8 percent of Switzerland's population lived in cities. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Croatia from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Croatia's real gross domestic product had increased by around 2.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2017, 91 percent of EU respondents said they smoked 20 or fewer cigarettes per day, of which 53 percent smoke an average of more than 10 and the remaining 47 percent said they smoke 10 or less cigarettes per day. Most frequently consumers smoke cigarettes from packs. Smoking in the EU Respondents were those who smoke cigarettes and are from the EU-28 member states. Greece had the largest share of smokers in the European Union. Of smokers in Europe, approximately 95 percent started smoking before they reached age 26. To see the entire EU report on the topic, visit our report database here. Smoking and health in the UK Despite the known Health risks, one in ten women in the UK continue to smoke during their pregnancy. Health risks from smoking are substantial and this can be seen in the rising hospital admissions in the UK which are attributed to smoking.
 This statistic shows the most popular leisure activities among adults in the United States as of September 2013. During the survey, 42 percent of the respondents named watching TV as their most preferred activity during leisure time. 
 The poverty rate in Mexico has been oscillating throughout recent years. In 2016, approximately 11.2 percent of the Mexicans were living on less than 3.20 U.S. dollars per day, down from 18.3 percent of the country's population in 2005.Furthermore, it is estimated that over 52 million people were living in poverty in Mexico in 2018. 
 The statistic depicts the number of televisions in U.S. homes in 2015. In that year, 39.2 million housing units in the United States had two televisions. 
 This statistic shows the employment to population rate in the United States amongst different ethnic groups in 2019. In 2019, about 62.3 percent of the Asian community was employed. In total, around 60.8 percent of all Americans were employed at this time. 
 This statistic illustrates the distribution of Vodafone mobile customers in Europe in 2018. Germany had the most mobile customer with a total of 30.2 million. Turkey came in second closely followed by the UK. Vodafone - additional information As can be seen in the statistic above, British multinational company Vodafone has millions of customers spread out all around the world. Vodafone has operations in more than 30 different countries and also has partner operations in many additional places. The company enjoys a significant share of the telecommunications markets in a number of the different countries where it operates. In particular, the company has a very high share of the market in South Africa, where Vodafone owns 50 percent of the leading company, Vodacom. As one might expect, seeing how many millions of customers the company has, Vodafone also generates high levels of revenue each year. Since 2009, the company has consistently generated more than 40 billion pounds annually (over 60 billion U.S. dollars). As a result Vodafone was ranked fifth in the list of the most valuable telecommunications brands in the world in 2016. Ahead of Vodafone were AT&T, China Mobile, Verizon, and Deutsche Telekom. In the United Kingdom, Vodafone is the leading corporate brand. Vodafone also has a significant number of employees dispersed all around the world. In 2016, the company had in total more than 111,600 employees, working in the areas of customer care and administration, selling and distribution and operations. 
 This statistic illustrates Zalando's online traffic performance, based on the quarterly visits from the first quarter of 2014 to the first quarter of 2019. During the most recent quarter, an average of 923.6 million visitors accessed the website, mobile site and the mobile applications. Over the period in consideration, it was reported that the number of average visits increased from 332 to over 900 millions. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Portland Trail Blazers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 45.34 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Poland from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 60.06 percent of Poland's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This timeline presents data on the credibility of InfoWars in the United States as of November 2017. During a survey, six percent of respondents stated that they found the website very credible. 
 In 2019, the revenue generated by 20th Century amounted to slightly over 492 million U.S. dollars. The studio celebrated its most successful year in 2014, when its box office revenue neared 1.77 billion US dollars. This was thanks to box office hits such as 'X-Men: Days of Future Past' and 'Dawn of the Planet of the Apes'. 20th Century Fox Twentieth Century Fox Film Corporation is a subsidiary of the Twenty-First Century Fox, Inc. – one of the successors of News Corporation, after the corporation was split in June 2013. 21st Century Fox took over the company’s broadcasting and film divisions. In its fiscal year 2018 (ending June 2018), 21st Century Fox reported revenues of 30.4 billion U.S. dollars, out of which almost 8.75 billion came from the film entertainment segment. In March 2019, Fox was acquired by The Walt Disney Company for the value of more than 70 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in Georgia from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in Georgia amounted to 55,821 U.S. dollars. 
 Laptop computing has come a long way in the past decade, with increased power, battery life, portability and display quality all enhancing the attractiveness of a portable computer over a desktop computer. The penetration rate of the laptop in the United Kingdom reflects this, increasing from 47 percent in 2009, to 60 percent in 2019. Laptops penetration highest among 35-54 year olds Laptop penetration rates are above 50 percent across each of the main age groups, and highest among those aged 35-54 years. The difference in penetration rate is however quite small across the four younger demographics, reflecting the appeal of laptops for students and professionals alike. Laptop sales According to the most recently available figures from the United Kingdom (UK) Office for National Statistics (ONS), the sales value of laptops, notebooks and palm-top organizers reached 58.79 billion British pounds in 2017. In that same year, 46 percent of respondents to a Statista survey reported buying a laptop every 3-5 years. Worldwide, total laptop sales are expected to reach 171 million units in 2023, up from 166 million units in 2019. Desktop sales are expected to contract, from 88.4 million units in 2019, to 79.5 million units by 2023. 
 This statistic shows total consumer spending on coffee, cocoa and tea in the United Kingdom (U)K from 2005 to 2018. In 2016, consumer spending was at approximately 3.1 billion British pounds. Spending rose during the period in consideration from around 1.9 billion British pounds in 2005. Hot drinks have always played an important role in British culture, particularly in the case of tea, as seen in the high and rising market value of hot drinks. Recently, however, the increasing popularity of coffee has dented sales of tea, turning Brits into a nation of coffee drinkers. This has been furthered exaggerated by cheaper and easier access to premium coffee via the likes of coffee pod machines. Tea is also making a new name for itself, however, with loose leaf tea, as well as fruit and herbal teas, appealing to the many that are improving their eating habits and following current health and wellness trends. 
 In 2019, Mexico and the Irish Republic were neck and neck with both countries delivering beer worth 107 and 102 million British pounds, respectively. The value of imports coming from the Netherlands during this time was about half of this. Imports from Italy and Spain followed closely. Production in supplying countriesIreland’s beer production has been mostly stagnating since 2009. The countries production for 2018 amounted to 8.3 million hectoliters. In comparison, Mexican production that year reached only 120 million hectoliters. However, the countries production has been increasing for the last five years. Meanwhile, UK production has been falling opening the market further and is now (2017) about 18 million hectoliters smaller than in 2003. Changing importsThe amount of beer that is flowing into the UK has been growing. Imports have reached a billion liters or ten million hectoliters. Both EU and non-EU imports have generally grown since 2003. However, non-EU imports have seen more growth in recent years. While 2017 and 2018 saw smaller EU imports than 2016. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Saudi Arabia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Saudi Arabia was at 25.55 percent. 
 This graph depicts the value of the San Francisco Giants franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of three billion U.S. dollars. The San Francisco Giants are owned by Charles Johnson, who bought the franchise for 100 million U.S. dollars in 1993. 
 The statistic shows the global population by continent as of mid-2018. In mid-2018, approximately 4.54 billion people lived in Asia. World population and the most populous countries There are approximately 7.3 billion people living in the world today, a figure that shows a dramatic increase since the beginning of the Common Era. Since the 1970s, the global population has also more than doubled in size. It is estimated that the global population will reach and surpass 8 billion people by 2025. When it comes to number of inhabitants, Asia ranks first by far. In mid-2016, there were over 4.4 billion people living on the continent alone - more than half of the world's total population. Similar to other global regions, a quarter of inhabitants in Asia are under 15 years of age. As of 2015, only around 8 percent of the global population were 64 years old or older. That same year, the most populous nations in the world were China and India respectively, both located on the Asian continent, and each inhabiting more than three times the amount of people than the third-ranked United States. It is estimated that the total population in the most populous country, China, amounted to approximately 1.38 billion in 2016. Not only is the total population in China increasing steadily, but the median age has also increased rapidly over the past six decades. Due to better health care and living conditions, it is estimated that the median age in China in 2015 was 37 years, i.e. half of the Chinese population was younger, while the other half was older than that. Interestingly enough, the top 20 countries with highest population growth rate in 2014 were mainly countries in Africa. This is due to the lack of contraception and a decrease in infant mortality. Both the population of Asia and Africa are expected to increase rapidly over the next 100 years. Africa's population is estimated to surpass 4.3 billion by 2100, while Asia's inhabitants are likely to break the 4.8 billion mark that year. With these two clearly leading the race, the global population is increasing at an extremely rapid rate. 
 By the end of 2018, the expenditure of fresh pasta (including noodles) in the UK amounted to 164 million British pounds. This was the largest amount during the period under consideration. Since 2007, expenditure increased annually, except for in 2012 and 2013. Consumption The number of people eating fresh or dried pasta and noodles once a week or more increased in 2017 to an estimated 13.8 million. This was one million more than the previous year. In comparison, just 2.5 million ate these products once a month. Favored varieties Standard pasta and noodles are the most favored variety, with an estimated 19.8 million users in 2017. Often seen as a healthier alternative, whole wheat pasta and noodles have been increasing in popularity with the number of users doubling between 2013 and 2017 to 6.3 million. In terms of preparation, dried pasta is the most commonly used, with almost twice the number of dried noodle users. 
 This statistic displays average costs of a new hip prosthesis in selected countries in 2013. In that year, the cost of a hip prosthesis averaged 3,177 U.S. dollars in Spain. Hip replacement is a surgery where the hip joint is replaced by a prosthesis. 
 As of 23rd January 2020, Davor Suker is the all time leader in goals scored for the national football team of Croatia with a total of 45 goals scored, followed by Mario Mandžukić with 33 goals. Suker retired from the national team back in 2002 after a 12 year career for Croatia. Mandžukić on the other hand took part in the 2018 World Cup in Russia and helped play a phenomenal tournament for Croatia making second place after losing in the final against France 4:2. 78 thousand in Stadium at World Cup Final The 2018 World Cup final was held at Luzshniki Stadium in Moscow on July 15th and had approximately 78 thousand attendees. It was not only among the highest attended matches of Croatia’s national team in 2018, but of all time. The highest stadium attendance Croatia ever faced was versus England in 2007 at Wembley Stadium with a total of 88,091 attendees. Luka Modric receives Ballon d‘Or After showing an amazing performance and scoring two goals in the World Cup, Croatia’s Luka Modric was honored with the prestigious Ballon d’Or award, which is given to the best male football player throughout a calender year, based on the collective judgements of a variety of sports journalists. 
 The Premier league is growing in every aspect. Over the last decade, the total transfer fees of clubs in the Premier League have more than quadrupled. In 2018 they amounted to approximately 2.1 billion euros. The majority of revenue comes from broadcasting, which generated close to 3 billion euros during the 2018/19 season. Match-day revenues accounted for roughly 1.38 billion euros. Brand and market value When looking at the top 10 team market values in the Premier League, Manchester City has been on top since the end of 2017, as of 2019 standing just slightly above one billion British pounds. However, when it comes to the brand value of Premier League clubs, it is Manchester United who ranks highest. Close to 6 billion in transfer fees in Big-5 leagues The Premier League is part of the soccer leagues of the ‘Big Five’, which refers to the top tier football leagues of England, Germany, Spain, Italy and France. Together they generated a total revenue of roughly 17 billion euros in the 2018/19 season, of which England accounted for approximately 5.65 billion. Out of those 17 billion, the ‘Big Five’ spent roughly 5.8 billion on transfer fees, of which around 4.7 billion were spent during the summer and 1.1 billion in winter. 
 This statistic describes the countries with the highest number of reported cases of cholera in 2013. In that year, Haiti reported 58,809 cases of cholera. Therefore, Haiti was the country with the highest reported number of cholera cases. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in St. Lucia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in St. Lucia was at approximately 20.47 percent. 
 The statistic ranks male professional tennis players (active and retired) by the number of French Open titles won since the beginning of the Open Era in 1968. Rafael Nadal has won the French Open a record 12 times. 
 This statistic presents the share of women worldwide who have every experienced abuse or harassment on selected websites and social media platforms. During the July 2017 survey period, 57 percent of survey respondents who have experienced online abuse stated that they had experienced harassment via Facebook. 
 As of the fourth quarter of 2019, Facebook had a combined 248 million monthly active users in the United States and Canada. Facebook user data – additional information Facebook’s data use policy or privacy policy as it is also known, highlights the company’s guidelines concerning user privacy, information and how they are likely to be used. It also highlights the difference between public and private data and the websites and third part apps which are integrated into its services. Federal agencies and governments have the right to request user data from Facebook. This issue was highlighted in late 2014, when Facebook came under attack from the British press for not releasing relevant information on the men responsible for the supposed pre planned murder on the British soldier Lee Rigby. In the first half of 2019, the number of user data requests issued to Facebook from the United States amounted to 50,741. This figure was higher than any other country. In comparison, officials in Germany only made 7,302 user data requests. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the U.S. employee wellness market in 2011 provides a forecast for 2016. 1.45 billion U.S. dollars in total revenue was generated by the U.S. employee wellness market in 2011. 
 This ranking lists the number of computer cores of the 10 fastest supercomputers. The fastest supercomputer as of June 2019, Summit, operated by the Oak Ridge National Laboratory in Tennessee, China, had 2.4 million computer cores. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Argentina in 1984 and 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Argentina amounted to around 11,658.22 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total number of Kawasaki motorcycles sold in the United Kingdom (UK) between January 2016 to December 2019. March and September recorded the highest sales, which were the months when the Driver and Vehicle Licensing Agency issued new registration plates for cars and motorcycles. In December 2019, Kawasaki sold 323 motorcycles in the United Kingdom. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Sweden from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Sweden amounted to around 54,356.07 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the growth of the gross domestic product (GDP) in Sweden from 2007 to 2017. The Swedish gross domestic product declined the most in the year 2009, when it was at a negative rate of 5.2 percent. 
 This graph shows the internet usage penetration in the United States as of November 2017, sorted by state. During the survey period, it was found that New Hampshire had the second-highest online penetration rate as 88.3 percent of the population used the internet. Washington was ranked first with 88.5 percent of online access anywhere. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in water skiing in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in water skiing amounted to approximately 3.57 million. 
 Costa Coffee's revenue increased again in 2019; Costa Limited reported revenues of 1.34 billion British pounds in the fiscal year ended February 28, 2019, up from 1.29 billion in the previous year. The company was acquired by a subsidiary of the Coca-Cola Company from parent company Whitbread in January 2019. Costa in the UK coffeehouse market Costa Coffee is a British coffeehouse brand. It is the UK’s leading coffee shop chain, outperforming other major coffee market players including Starbucks and Caffè Nero. Store numbers have significantly increased over the last ten years, with 2,422 Costa coffee shops in operation in the UK at the end of 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of foundations in the United States from 1990 to 2015. In 2015, there were a total of 86,203 foundations registered in the United States. 
 The statistic presents the number of community banks in the United States from 1984 to 2013. A declining tendency could be observed as the number of community banks decreased from 17,401 in 1984 to 6,146 in 2013. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, eBay reported a net income of 661 million U.S. dollars, compared to a net income of 670 million dollars in the corresponding quarter of the preceding year. eBay's net revenue amounted to 2.82 billion U.S. dollars in the third quarter of 2019. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Milwaukee Brewers from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Milwaukee Brewers was 36,090. • Milwaukee Brewers total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh sweet potatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh sweet potatoes amounted to about eight pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in Japan from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, Japan had approximately 117.6 million internet users. This figure is projected to decrease to about 117.5 million internet users in 2023. 
 The statistic represents Northrop Grumman's revenue from the fiscal year of 2017 to the fiscal year of 2019. In the 2019 fiscal year, the Virginia-based aerospace and defense technology company generated some 33.8 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in current U.S. dollars in Puerto Rico from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Puerto Rico amounted to around 31,603.41 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019, nearly 300,000 foreigners called the Grand Duchy of Luxembourg home. The largest group of foreign inhabitants came from Portugal, at just over 95,000. There were over twice as many Portuguese living in Luxembourg as any of other nationality. By comparison: the second largest group of foreigners, the French, numbered around 46,900 individuals. In total, Luxembourg had nearly 614,000 inhabitants that year. Nearly half of Luxembourg’s population is of foreign origin In 2019, the share of foreign nationals living in the country reached 47.5 percent. This was a slight decrease in comparison to the previous year, when the share of foreigners had peaked at 47.9 percent. In the last decade, Luxembourg’s foreign population share never dropped below 43 percent. Foreign population by age and gender Luxembourg’s foreign population counted approximately as many men as women, with men outnumbering women by just 8,300. The average foreigner was roughly between 25 and 55 years old, with those aged 35-39 making up the largest age group, at just under 30,000. 
 This statistic represents the leading U.S. states based on motorcycle registrations in 2017. With some 842,000 motorcycle registrations, California was ranked first that year. The total number of motorcycle registrations was more than 8.7 million units in 2017. 
 In 2018, YouTube was the most popular online music service in the United Kingdom, with 59 percent of respondents saying they used YouTube to stream, download, or share music. Spotify was the second most popular online music service, and was used by 42 percent of respondents in 2018. Music retail Sales revenue of music at retail has been increasing over recent years and totaled roughly 1.3 billion British pounds in 2018. Digital music sales in the UK amounted to more than 950 million British pounds in 2018; a significant increase when compared to the 333 million pound total back in 2011. Digital music Digital music revenues in the United Kingdom reached almost 670 million U.S. dollars in 2018, and are forecast to grow to over 900 million by 2023. The digital share of overall music sales in the UK reached 71.3 percent in 2018, up from 43.8 percent in 2013. 
 The statistic shows the expenditure on higher education per student in selected countries worldwide in 2017. Luxembourg ranked first, spending around 27,955 U.S. dollars per student in 2016, excluding expenditure on research and development. To find out more about the expenditure on higher education as a share of GDP in selected countries worldwide in 2016, please click here. 
 This statistic shows the number of independent writers, artists and performers in the United States from 2000 to 2013. In 2013, 765,790 people worked either part-time or full-time as independent performers, artists or writers. Included are solo artists without employees working part-time or full-time in their artistic trade. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Miami Dolphins, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Miami Dolphins was 443 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Fitness First UK company from 2012 to 2015. In 2013, the health club chain generated a revenue of 842.63 million U.S. dollars. In the same year, the UK based company operated 378 clubs. 
 This statistic presents the value of mobile peer to peer payments in the United States from 2013 to 2015 and a forecast thereof until 2018. In 2015, the value of mobile P2P payments amounted to 16 billion U.S. dollars and it was predicted to increase to 86 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the crime rate in the United States in 2018, by type of crime. In 2018, the violent crime rate was at 394.9 cases per 100,000 inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows the revenues of Citigroup from 2011 to 2018. In 2018, Citigroup generated a global revenue of approximately 72.85 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Iran from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Iran's GDP amounted approximately 446.11 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, there were approximately 2.69 million people employees in the insurance sector in the United States. Employment in the insurance industry – additional information Employment within the insurance industry has shown significant growth since 1960. Each decade, between 1960 and 2000, there was an increase in the number of employees which were employed in the industry – increasing by around 300,000 employees each decade. However, between 2000 and 2010, the number of employees declined from 2.35 million to 2.34 million. Some recovery and growth within employment can be seen to have occurred in 2014. This growth is likely the result of increasing numbers of agents, brokers and service employees in the insurance industry, which has been positive since 2010. The number of health insurance employees has also seen growth, but the number of employees in life insurance saw a significant decrease between 2000 and 2005 and stagnation ever since. Stagnation within industry employment is believed to be the result of many health insurance professionals entering retirement and these positions being left vacant or being replaced by increasing automation within the industry. The number of employees in the U.S. reinsurance industry can also be seen to be on the decline, and overall, a lack of job growth within the industry is also seen as a threat to the business model of insurance companies. 
 This statistic displays the population density of Thailand from 2005 to 2017. In 2017, the population density of Thailand was around 135 people per square kilometer of land area, an increase from the previous year. 
 As of 2018, the United Kingdom had the highest prevalence of cocaine use in Europe at 2.7 percent of the population having used in the previous year. This was followed by Spain and the Netherlands which both had 2.2 percent of individuals using cocaine in this period. Breakdown of cocaine users in the UK When broken down by age, the highest prevalence of cocaine users in the UK is found in the youngest age groups. Almost five percent of those aged 15 to 24 years used cocaine in 2016, and 3.3 percent in the above age group, 25 to 34 years, used in the same year. Harms of cocaine use In Scotland, since the year 2000 the share of drug related hospital stays as a result of cocaine use has increased significantly. Growing from one percent in 2000, to over eight percent in 2017. While in England and Wales, the number of deaths as a result of cocaine use has been increasing over the last 25 years. Rising from 11 deaths in 1993 to 432 in 2017. 
 This graph depicts the average hotel energy consumption in megajoules per guest night in 2007 by continent. In Africa, the average energy consumtion per guest night was 164 megajoules. 
 This statistic shows consumers' annual Halloween expenditure in the United States from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, U.S. consumers planned to spend approximately 8.8 billion U.S. dollars for the Halloween season. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, California-based web company Google had an operating income of almost 11.46 billion U.S. dollars, up from 10.89 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding fiscal quarter. Google operates under the parent company Alphabet Inc. 
 This statistic illustrates the annual revenue generated by Brose Fahrzeugteile for the years 2008 through to 2018, in million euros, as well as the revenue projected for 2019. Brose is a German based manufacturer of parts and components for the automotive industry. After declining in 2009, the company's revenue increased in each of the following years recorded here and it is expected to continue this period of growth during 2019. The company recorded it's largest increases in revenue in 2010 and 2015. The company expect to generate approximately 6.6 billion euros in 2019. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Greece from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Greece was at about 3.6 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 The timeline depicts the per capita consumption of tea in the United States from 2000 to 2015. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of tea amounted to approximately 8.26 gallons in 2015. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Malaysia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up to 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Malaysia amounted to about 22.7 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 Among Canadian provinces, Ontario had the largest number of hospitals with around 500 establishments, as of 2016. Canada has a publicly funded health care system based on a system of taxation, fees and private funding. Current reports estimate that health care expenditures account for over 11 percent of Canada’s gross domestic product (GDP). Health care expenditures for hospitals totaled 71.6 billion Canadian dollars in 2018. Hospital expenditures in Canada In total, there were over 1,400 hospitals in Canada as of 2016. Hospital expenditures per capita appear to be highest in less populated territories. In 2017-2018, the greatest expenditures for hospitals in Canada were staff compensation and supplies. Research, education and other areas accounted for just over 10 percent of expenditures during that time. The hospital with the highest research spending in Canada in 2017 was the University Health Network located in Ontario. Patients in Canadian hospitals In general, the average length of hospital stays in Canada appears to be on the decline. Common reasons for hospitalizations in Canada include child birth, COPD, pneumonia, heart failure and mental health disorders. Canadian hospitals perform a large number of surgeries every year. During fiscal year 2016-2017, C-sections, knee replacements and hip replacements were the most common surgeries in Canada. 
 This statistic represents Parrot's annual revenue from the fiscal year of 2016 and the fiscal year of 2017. In the fiscal year of 2018, the French manufacturer generated revenue of approximately 109 million euros. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Oman from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Oman's gross domestic product amounted to around 79.28 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the total number of agent staffing of the United States Border Patrol from FY 1992 to 2018. As of September 2018, there were 19,555 agents with the U.S. border patrol. 
 This timeline depicts the net sales of Dollar General in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the company's net sales amounted to approximately 25.63 billion U.S. dollars. Dollar General is a chain of discount variety stores that operates in 44 U.S. states. 
 This statistic shows the smartphone penetration as share of the population in Australia from 2012 to 2016 with forecasts until 2022. In 2016, 66.06 percent of the Australian population used a smartphone and the number is estimated to reach around 74.44 percent by 2022. 
 This statistic shows digital payment provider Square's annual net revenue from 2012 to 2019. In the most recently reported year, the company's net revenues amounted to 4.71 billion U.S. dollars, up from almost 3.3 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding year. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Norway semi-annually from 2010 to 2016. In the first half of 2016, the average electricity price for households was 15.15 euro cents per kWh. 
 This graph depicts the revenue forecasts for the U.S. toys and games market from 2009 to 2014. Estimated revenue for 2010 is 21.98 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. Toys and Games Market The toys and games market comprises a wide range of products, including art and craft, building and other learning and hobby sets/toys, dolls, jigsaw, board and card games, action figures, die cast models, soft toys and outdoor games and sports toys/games. Traditional toy sales are suffering due to the growing popularity of the computer games market; however, this is somewhat balanced by a constant demand for infants’ toys. Toys and games are not necessities but rather viewed as a treat of which frequency and cost is dependent on the affluence of the buyer. Grandparents of the baby-boomer generations are generally wealthier than in previous generations, especially in developed nations, and are able to spoil their grandchildren to a greater extent. The popularity of many toys and games is short-lived and/or seasonal, which means the retail market is subject to rapid change. It is becoming increasingly challenging for independent toy stores to compete with mass merchandisers and department stores, as these types of stores are able to exploit economies of scale to offer low prices. However, the biggest threat and the most significant substitutes to the toys and games market are computer games. Children are playing computer games at a lower age in an increasingly digital world. Consoles, PCs and mobile phones are playing an ever growing part in children's lives by providing games, education and entertainment. Despite not providing a cheaper alternative on the whole, computer games are becoming more popular to the detriment of traditional toys and games where customer loyalty is low with no switching costs. The toys and games market is generally fragmented, with numerous retailers present, boosting the competition within this market. Some market players are highly dependent on revenues from toys and games sales, with department stores and supermarkets being less dependent than specialized toy stores, due to the variety of goods on offer. 
 This statistic shows the number of migrant worker children growing up away from their parents in China in 2005 and 2010. The 6th National Population Census of the Republic of China estimated that 61 million rural children until the age of 17 grew up without their parents. 
 This statistic represents the regional distribution of LinkedIn traffic in the last three months. As of October 2019, the United Kingdom accounted for 7.22 percent of traffic to the website and India accounted for 5.58 percent of traffic. 
 This statistic shows a timeline with the amount of monthly active WhatsApp users worldwide as of December 2017. As of that month, the mobile messaging app announced more than 1.5 billion monthly active users, up from over 1 billion MAU in February 2016. The service is one of the most popular mobile apps worldwide. WhatsApp WhatsApp is a cross-platform instant messaging service for smartphones that relies on the internet for the transmission of messages. Based on a low-cost subscription model, WhatsApp is a cheap alternative to carrier-billed text messaging via SMS, especially for international or group messaging. The mobile messaging app enables users to share text, image and video messages. In the United States, the WhatsApp audience amounted to 18.8 million users in 2016 and is set to grow to 25.6 million users 2021. WhatsApp is especially popular in markets outside the United States while facing strong competition from Asia-based social messenger apps such as WeChat, LINE or Kakaotalk. WhatsApp’s popularity in emerging mobile markets is not only based on their low-cost business model but on many of its features. In February 2014, social network Facebook acquired WhatsApp for 19 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The ranking of the richest billionaires who earned their fortune in the internet business is headed by Amazon founder Jeff Bezos, who is sitting in first place with a personal net worth of 131 billion U.S. dollars. Facebook founder Mark Zuckerberg was ranked second with 62.3 billion U.S. dollars. Both Bezos and Zuckerberg are also featured in the top 5 ranking of the richest Americans of 2019. Internet billionaires Millions of entrepreneurs are hoping that their company will be the next big thing, and for many startups going public or being acquired by an industry giant are a safe bet to generate riches. The ranking of the richest internet billionaires is dominated by founders and early investors of global online companies including Amazon, Google and Facebook, or startups that were sold to major companies. A popular example of a successful sales is mobile messaging app WhatsApp, which was sold to Facebook in 2014 for an eyewatering 19 billion U.S. dollars, making founders Jan Koum and Brian Acton billionaires in the process. However, as of 2019, Facebook is no longer a desired acquirer for young tech companies, as the social network is plagued by a series of scandals and many founders of its former acquisitions have spoken out against Facebook. WhatsApp’s and Instagram’s founders left the company, and the Oculus founders were demoted. Many acquired products have also been shut down, making it an unattractive prospect to sell an innovative service to Facebook. Facebook founder Zuckerberg has stated in 2010 that most of his company’s acquisition efforts are for the talent, not for the product. Billionaires in China The flourishing Chinese tech market, led by online giants BAT (Baidu, Alibaba, Tencent), has given rise to a whole new group of self-made billionaires. The richest newcomer on the tech billionaire ranking is Colin Huang, founder of Chinese discount web retailer Pinduoduo, which went public in the United States in July 2018, raising 1.6 billion US. dollars in the process. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Jordan from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Jordan's gross domestic product amounted to around 42.29 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Denmark from 2009 to 2019. The fertility rate rose to 1.9 children per woman in 2010 but started to decline since then. In 2019, the rate was 1.7 children. 
 The statistic shows Japan's share of the global gross domestic product (GDP) adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, Japan's share of GDP (in relation to PPP dollars) was about 4.13 percent. For further information, see Japan's GDP. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Albania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Albania's gross domestic product amounted to around 15.06 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Choice Hotels worldwide from 2008 to 2019. Global hotel company Choice Hotels International generated approximately 1.11 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2019, up from 1.04 billion the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of the total population living in urban areas in Cameroon from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, 56.37 percent of the total population of Cameroon was living in urban areas. 
 The statistic depicts the total number of smartphone users in Argentina from 2017 to 2023. It is expected that the number of smartphone users in Argentina will reach 24.9 million in 2019. 
 The number of Android smartphone users in the United States increased to 120.5 million in 2018, and this figure is forecast to reach more than 130 million in 2021. The rise of the Android robot One reason for the growth of Android – developed by Google – is its open-source platform that allows mobile phone manufacturers to use and adapt the operating system for their own devices. Samsung, who run their own customized version of the Android operating system, is the leading manufacturer for Android smartphones in the United States with around a quarter of smartphone sales. Is Android’s success affecting iOS? With figures showing an increase in Android smartphone users in the United States, one could be forgiven for expecting the number of iPhone users to decrease as a result. However, iPhone users in the United States are also increasing year-on-year as Apple continues to lead the smartphone manufacturing market with a share of around 40 percent. Google Android and Apple iOS are together conquering all other competitors in the United States’ mobile operating systems market holding a joint share of 99 percent. 
 94.62 percent of the population of the United Kingdom (UK) used the internet in 2017, according to figures from Eurostat and the International Telecommunications Union. The figure is unchanged from 2016, marking the first year without growth since 2007. Internet users in Great Britain44.1 million people used the internet daily in Great Britain during 2018 according to the United Kingdom’s (UK) Office for National Statistics (ONS), breaking the record set in 2016. 41.8 million people in Great Britain used the internet on a daily basis during 2016, the first time the amount cracked the 40 million mark. Methods of accessing the internet In a survey conducted during early 2018, Ofcom found that 48 percent of the 2,392 respondents indicated that their smartphone was the most important device they use to access the internet, at home or elsewhere. Mobile internet usage penetration is higher in the UK than the EU average, however, as of August 2018, desktop searches still managed to account for the most of the search engine activity in the UK. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Malawi from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Malawi was 5.38 percent. 
 Frankfurt processed the most airfreight out of all airports in Europe. In 2018, the German airport handled two million metric tons of cargo, which put it slightly ahead of Paris hub Charles de Gaulle. Air cargo may be transported via passenger aircrafts, specifically designed cargo aircrafts or combi aircrafts. Frankfurt at a glance Between 2000 and 2018, air cargo traffic increased in Frankfurt. The peak was recorded in 2010, at 2.23 million metric tons, which was a noticeable increase from the year before when freight volumes took a hit due to the recession. Overall, figures grew by one fourth since the beginning of the century. Global air freight Projections see airports handle a total of 63.1 million metric tons of freight in 2019. This would mean a slight decrease to the previous year, when air cargo volumes amounted to an estimated 63.3 million metric tons. This is highest amount since the beginning of the reporting period in 2004. 
 This graph shows the poverty rate in South Carolina from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 15.3 percent of South Carolina's population lived below the poverty line. 
 The timeline presents TV advertising revenue during the NCAA men's basketball tournament from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue amounted to approximately 1.32 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Belgium from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Belgium's real gross domestic product grew by around 1.44 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic provides an estimate of the apparel and footwear e-commerce sales in Indonesia in 2014, 2015 and 2019. In 2014, online apparel and footwear sales amounted to 1,880 billion IDR (approximately 151 million U.S. dollars). 
 Video streaming giant Netflix had a total net income of over 1.86 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, whilst the company's annual revenue reached 20.15 billion U.S. dollars. The number of Netflix's streaming subscribers worldwide has continued to grow in recent years, reaching 167 million in the fourth quarter of 2019. Three years earlier, in the fourth quarter of 2015, the figure stood at 74.76 million subscribers. The growth of Netflix Netflix was launched in the United States in 1998, functioning as a digital DVD rental store and placing itself squarely in competition with Blockbuster. The company launched its streaming video service in 2007, and just over a decade later Netflix secured the title of the streaming service with the most subscribers in the world. Netflix now offers a wealth of original content as well as content from niche and emerging directors, multiple foreign-language movies and a significant amount of highly-acclaimed and popular films from Hollywood and other markets. Netflix’s worldwide video content budget surpassed 12 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, marking a five-fold increase since 2013. The streaming platform has become known for its many original shows reaching fans across the globe, including ‘Stranger Things’, ‘Orange is the New Black’, and ’13 Reasons Why’. 
 The Halifax house price index, which was set at 100 in 1992 had grown to 412.1 index points as of December 2019. House price index's (HPI) are a measurement used to evaluate changes in prices over a period of time. The Halifax HPI uses a hedonic regression methodology to calculate it’s HPI. As of December 2019, the Halifax standardized house price had grown by 1.7 percent from the previous month. As compared to the national average, the HPI in London has fallen between July and September 2019. Average House PricesAverage house prices are affected by several factors. Economic growth, unemployment, interest rates and mortgage availability can all affect average prices. A shortage of supply means that the need for housing and, therefore competitive market created will push up house prices, whereas an excess of housing means prices fall to stimulate buyers. Housing transactions In the United Kingdom (UK), on average there were approximately one million residential property transactions annually between 2006 and 2018. On a country level, England makes up the majority of transactions made. 
 This statistic shows the value of total retail sales volumes through textile, clothing and footwear stores in Great Britain monthly, from January 2016 to December 2019. In December 2019, approximately 6.4 billion British pounds worth of items were sold through textile, clothing and footwear stores in Britain. In sales value terms (amount spent), the Office for National Statistics (ONS) reports slightly lower figures. 
 This statistic displays the average disposable income per household in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2017/18, by decile group. Households in the bottom decile had, on average, 9,329 British pounds in disposable income. This was the lowest disposable income of any decile group. Households in the top decile had, on average, 95,207 British pounds in disposable income. This was the highest disposable income of any decile group. 
 The statistic illustrates the number of passengers boarded by Lufthansa from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the German airline transported some 142 million passengers, up from 129.3 millions in the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Detroit Tigers from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 276 million U.S. dollars.The Detroit Tigers are owned by Michael Illtich, who bought the franchise for 82 million U.S. dollars in 1992. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration in Chile from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, 82.3 percent of the Chilean population accessed the internet, up from 19.1 percent in 2001. In 2016, 83.56 percent of the Chilean population acceded to internet. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Eritrea from 1994 to 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Eritrea's gross domestic product amounted to around 2.01 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, the Italian region which registered the highest fertility rate in the country was Trentino-South Tyrol. In the year considered, the average number of children born per female in this area reached 1.59 infants. Overall over the last years, the birth rate in Italy has constantly decreased. Less and less children born per female The average number of children born per female significantly changed from the middle of the twentieth century to nowadays. In 2017, Italian women were on average a mother of one child, whereas about seven decades earlier females had on average one kid more. Italy, the country with one of the lowest fertility rates globally In the global perspective, Italy turned out to be one of the world twenty countries with the lowest fertility rate in 2017. The fertility rate in Singapore was estimated to be at 0.83 children per woman, placing the country on top of the ranking. 
 This statistic presents the total consumer credit outstanding in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the consumer credit outstanding in the U.S. amounted to approximately 3.92 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This is an annual report of the total gross leasable space of all retail shopping malls in the United States. In 1986, shopping malls operating within the United States had a total gross leasable area of just over 4 trillion square feet. 
 Iconic U.S. national monument the Statue of Liberty was visited by 4.24 million people in 2019, down from the previous year’s visitation figure by around two percent. Visitation reached a dramatic low in 2013 due to closure of the monument as a result of damage caused by Hurricane Sandy. A national treasure becomes a national monument The U.S. government granted the statue national monument status in 1924. Around 10 years later it was entrusted to the care of the National Parks Service – it has remained in its care to this day. Along with Liberty Island, Ellis island (famous for its past as a federal immigration station) also joined as part of the Statue of Liberty National Monument. Since then, visitors to Ellis Island are included in the visitor count of The Statue of Liberty. Not the only popular attraction… The popularity of the Statue of Liberty is undeniable, with many other attractions not reaching similar visitation figures. One of these being Mount Rushmore (South Dakota), which welcomed just below half the number of visitors of the Statue of Liberty in 2019. That being said, the Lincoln Memorial (Washington DC) garnered almost double the number of visitors of the Statue of Liberty in the same year. 
 The statistic displays the ranking of ten wealthiest women in Europe as of July 2014. At that time, the richest woman in Europe was Liliane Bettencourt, the heiress of the French cosmetics and beauty company L'Oreal, with personal fortune amounting to approximately 25 billion euros. 
 The statistic shows the profit of General Electric in the segment of Healthcare from 1997 to 2018 GE Healthcare is a division of GE Technology Infrastructure, which is itself a division of General Electric (GE). In 2002, the General Electric Healthcare segment generated a profit of 1.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the share of U.S. survey respondents who have had items with sensitive information lost or stolen, while traveling. 10 percent of respondents have lost or had a smartphone stolen whilst traveling. 
 This statistic presents the percentage of online consumers in the United States who are Amazon Prime members. During the most recent survey period in August 2016, it was found that 71 percent of responding Millennials had an Amazon Prime membership. 
 This statistic shows the net revenue of Americold Logistics worldwide from 2013 to 2018. In 2018, the American company reported net revenue to the value of almost 1.15 billion U.S. dollars from its cold chain logistics worldwide. 
 This statistic shows Cameron International's revenue from 2006 to 2015. Cameron International Corporation is a global provider of services and equipment as well as project management for the oil and gas and process industries. In 2006, the company brought in an annual revenue of around 3.74 billion U.S. dollars. In April 2016, Schlumberger Limited's acquisition of Cameron International was completed. 
 This statistic shows the annual gross profit of the Namco Bandai Holding worldwide from FY2006 to FY2019. In FY2019, the worldwide gross profit of Namco Bandai was approximately 2.37 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the global earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) of BMW Group from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, BMW Group had a global EBIT of approximately 9.1 billion euros, representing an increase over the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in Alabama from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in Alabama amounted to 49,936 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the highest-grossing actors of all time in the United States, as of September 2019, ranked by their domestic box office results. Owing mostly to his role as Han Solo in the Star Wars franchise, and his role as the eponymous hero in the Indiana Jones series of films, Harrison Ford is fourth in the list with a lifetime domestic box office revenue of approximately 5.12 billion U.S. dollars. The highest actress on the list is Scarlett Johannsson, who ranked third, with a lifetime gross of over 5.24 billion U.S. dollars. This is largely due to her role as the Black Widow in the commercially-successful Marvel Cinematic Universe franchise. 
 This statistic illustrates Denso's global revenue from the fiscal year of 2008 to the fiscal year of 2019. In the fiscal year of 2019, Denso had global net sales of around 5.36 trillion yen (or about 48 billion U.S. dollars). 
 The statistic shows Venezuela's budget balance in relation to GDP between 2008 and 2017, with projections up until 2018. A positive value indicates a budget surplus, a negative value indicates a deficit. In 2017, the budget deficit of Venezuela amounted to around 16.61 percent of GDP. 
 This statistic shows the number of TV owning households in Italy from 2008 to 2018. As of 2018, there were 25.3 million households. The number of households increased during the period in consideration. 
 This statistic presents the length of the rail network in European Union member states and other selected European countries in 2017, in kilometers. Among these 33 countries Germany has the longest rail network in use, with 39,219 kilometers. France ranked second and was followed by Poland, with 28,120 and 18,513 kilometers of railway lines in use. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Ottawa Senators from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Ottawa Senators amounted to 127 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic represents the annual online shopping cart abandonment rate worldwide from 2006 to 2019. As of the most recently surveyed period, 69.57 percent of digital shopping carts and baskets were abandoned and the purchase was not completed. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in New Jersey from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in New Jersey amounted to 74,176 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the perceived influences on consumer purchasing of eyewear in the United States in 2012. The survey revealed that 27 percent of the respondents are influenced into eyewear purchases as a result of doctor recommendations.Eyewear in the United StatesAfter suffering three consistent years of value sales declines, the eyewear market in the US began to emerge from the depths of the economic recession in 2011 and 2012. While the economy remains weaker than it was before the recession, GDP growth, a declining unemployment rate, and rising levels of consumer confidence led consumers to once again invest in vision correction products.Innovative new product launches and pent-up consumer demand to update the style and prescription of their spectacles has helped retail value sales of eyewear to finally return to their pre-recessionary levels in 2012.Contact lenses once again outperformed spectacles in 2012, continuing a trend that has been ongoing for many years. Americans are increasingly turning to contact lenses as their primary form of vision correction for reasons ranging from comfort and convenience to cosmetic appeal and practicality in athletics. The market has witnessed increased demand for contact lenses as they are increasingly viewed as a style statement. For example, the emergence of wearing fashionable and coloured contact lenses as well as specialty contact lenses that can make a person's eyes look bigger and shinier have attracted customers to a considerable extent. They are proving to be extremely popular among teenagers as well as adults.Some companies, like Luxottica, remain focused on the manufacture of spectacle frames and sunglasses, while others like Essilor, specialize in creating innovative spectacle lenses. Luxottica is actually the largest eyewear company in the world, responsible for such brands as Ray-Ban, Persol, Oakley, Burberry, Polo Ralph Lauren, Versace and many others. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC stamp duty land tax receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. Stamp duty brought a total of over 135 billion British pounds (GBP) in revenue to the HMRC during this period. The peak was in 2017/18 when the receipts amounted to approximately 13 billion pounds. 
 In the third quarter of 2019, it was found that 81 percent of U.S. internet users aged 15 to 25 years accessed YouTube. YouTube in the United States With over 126 million unique monthly viewers, YouTube is by far the most popular online video property in the United States. The platform’s mobile presence is also significant, as YouTube consistently ranks as the most popular mobile app in the United States based on audience reach. The most popular YouTube partner channels consistently attract dozens of millions of viewers and the top YouTube partner channel in the United States as of March 2019 was music label Universal Music Group (UMG), with over 50 million unique viewers. Music on YouTube Music is one of the most popular types of content on YouTube and as of 2019, half of the U.S. population used YouTube to listen to music on a weekly basis. Music videos frequently go viral and attract a large amount of attention upon release: it is not uncommon for popular releases to rack up 100 million video views within a week. Korean pop phenomenon BTS currently holds the record for the fastest viral video to reach 100 million YouTube streams. Their April 2019 release “Boy With Luv feat. Halsey - Official MV” only needed 1.6 days to accomplish the feat. 
 This statistic depicts the total revenue of German chemical and pharmaceutical company Merck KGaA from 1999 to 2018. In 2018, the company generated total revenues of some 14.8 billion euros. In the United States, Merck KGaA is also known as "EMD Chemicals" or "German Merck". The company is headquartered in Darmstadt. Founded in 1668, Merck is the oldest operating chemical and pharmaceutical company worldwide. 
 This statistic shows China's expenditure on military services from 1998 to 2018. In 2018, China's military spending amounted to an estimated 250 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Finland from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Finland's real gross domestic product increased by around 1.66 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the monthly development of the Shanghai Stock Exchange Composite Index from July 2018 to January 2020. The SSE Composite Index reflects the performance of all stocks traded on the Shanghai Stock Exchange. On January 23rd, 2020 the SSE Composite Index had closed at about 2,976.53 points. 
 The population in Sweden has been growing annually and reached 10.23 million in 2018, and these individuals were living in almost 4.7 million households. As with the growing population, the number of households were growing annually as well, from 4.3 households in 2011, up to the 4.7 in 2018. Single household without children most common Most of the households in Sweden in 2018 were single households without children and amounted to around 1.8 million. They composed around 40 percent of all households in Sweden during that year. The second most common type of households were cohabiting or married without children, amounting to around 1.1 million. Most common ages for single-person hosueholds The most common age for men living in a single-person household in 2018 was from 25 to 34 years, while for women the highest number living in single-person household was found in the age group from 65 to 74 years. 
 In the most recently reported quarter, the Chinese search engine Baidu recorded a revenue of 3.93 billion U.S. dollars, indicating a slowdown in Baidu's year-on-year growth rates. The number of daily active users of Baidu's mobile app amounted to 189 million in September 2019. 
 This statistic shows the travel planning methods of Millennials in the United States as of July 2018. During the survey, 72.1 percent of Millennial respondents said they used user-generated content for travel planning. 
 China was the leading country in terms of passenger car production: 23.53 million units were produced here in 2018. This compares to about 8.36 million units in runner-up Japan. Light vehicle production by country China remained the top light vehicle producing country in 2018. Domestic manufacturers such as SAIC, Changan, Dongfeng, Geely, and BAIC - which is in a joint-venture with Daimler - are gaining market share; joint ventures with foreign partners were the key to China’s success as a motor vehicle producer, both in the passenger car and the truck segment. Japan, Germany, India, and South Korea completed the list of the world’s largest car producers. Most of these countries are home to the major manufacturers of passenger vehicles. The leading car manufacturers worldwide include Germany’s Volkswagen Group and the Japanese automaker Toyota Motor Corporation. What are passenger cars? According to the source, passenger cars are motor vehicles with at least four wheels, used for the transport of passengers, and comprising no more than eight seats in addition to the driver's seat. 
 This statistic presents the number of orders generated through Alibaba's Tmall and Taobao e-commerce properties during the 24-hour Singles Day sales. In 2019, online shoppers placed almost 1.3 billion orders on online shopping sites. In 2009, Alibaba Group created the connection between Singles Day and online shopping as the company tried to generate sales for its Tmall unit by offering special pricings and promotions within a 24 hour period. Today, Singles Day online sales surpass U.S. Cyber Monday sales by a wide margin. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Angola from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Angola's gross domestic product amounted to around 105.9 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration in Cameroon from 2000 to 2017. In the most recently measured period, 23.2 percent of the population accessed the internet, up from 0.25 percent in 2000. In 2015, Cameroon's population increased by approximately 2.48 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Iceland from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 93.81 percent of Iceland's total population lived in urban areas and cities. The population of Iceland Iceland is currently 94 percent urban, making it the eighth most urban country in the world. However, even though the majority of the population lives in urban areas, the island itself is not densely populated. The population overwhelmingly lives in the nation’s capital and largest city, Reykjavik, which is located in the southwest corner of the island and is considered the northernmost national capital in the world. Reykjavik is only home to around 120,000 people and has more of a suburban feel to it than that of an urban metropolis. Reykjavik has become the home base for the country’s booming tourist industry for those who want to venture out to explore the island’s vast wilderness. In 2014 alone, there were around 4.4 million tourists who stopped on the island for a short stay (413264). The two second largest cities, Kopavogur and Hafnarfjour, are also located very close to the capital, and are each home to around 30,000 people- significantly less than the population of Reykjavik. In total, the small island nation reports a population of around 330,000 people as of 2015, and these figures are not likely to grow significantly in the future, as the fertility rate is less than the natural replacement rate and annual population growth is also low. 
 This graph shows the real value added to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Pennsylvania in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the mining industry added 23.55 billion chained 2012 U.S. dollars of value to the state GDP. 
 This statistic shows the number of active duty U.S. Air Force personnel from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, there were 321,618 active duty U.S. Air Force members, as compared to 351,326 in 2000. 
 This statistic portrays the capacity of the world container ship fleet from 1980 through 2019. In 2019, the world merchant container ship fleet had a capacity of around 266 million metric tons deadweight. As of January 2018, there were 5,152 container ships in the world's merchant fleet. 
 This statistic gives a breakdown of Bombardier's revenue in the fiscal year of 2018, by segment. The Montreal-headquartered company had revenues of approximately five billion U.S. dollars in its business aircraft segment. 
 This statistic shows the world's leading fishing nations in 2017, based on capture production. China caught about 15.37 million metric tons of fish in that year. Worldwide fishing The act of fishing dates back to thousands of years before the Common Era. Fishing was well-suited to the lifestyle of the hunter-gatherer, who would engage himself in the act when presented with a body of water. Ancient fishing tools could consist of a spear, a rod, a net, or merely a pair of human hands. Since then, fishing techniques have developed extensively and one can see many different techniques both traditional and modern at work around the globe today. Worldwide fish production is increasing yearly, presumably meeting the demands of a growing world population. Fresh fish is in highest demand, but there are a myriad of routes to consumption, including frozen, canned, and smoked, as well as certain non-food purposes, such as for fish meal, fish oil, or fertilizer. With such a high demand, overfishing is fast becoming a problem. Overfishing occurs when fish populations are unacceptably reduced due to human fishing activities. This can prove disastrous for fish species as well as fishing-dependent coastal communities, not to mention the effect on the marine ecosystem. While some criticize the taste and life quality of farm-raised fish, this may be a better option for fish-eating consumers concerned about the environment. 
 This statistic shows the average travel spend per trip in the United States from 2012 to 2016. In the 12 months leading up to May 2014, U.S. travelers spent an average of 1,364 U.S. dollars per trip. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the Czech Republic from 1995 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in the Czech Republic amounted to around 23,112.59 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Venezuela from 2008 to 2018*. In 2017, the government expenditure in Venezuela amounted to about 36.57 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Albania from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Albania was 13.96 percent. 
 This table shows the countries with the lowest proportion of soccer players in the population. 3.8 percent of Japans population are soccer players. 
 This statistic displays the average prices of Gleevec in 2013 in selected countries. In that year, the price of Gleevec averaged 3,321 U.S. dollars in the Netherlands. Gleevec is a prescription drug used to treat some types of cancers, including some types of leukemia. Prescription drug prices within the United States are among the highest in the world. 
 The statistic depicts the average session time of virtual reality/augmented reality devices in the United States as of 2018. Users of Sony PlayStation VR spent 49 minutes on average in each VR session, according to the survey. 
 This statistic shows the direct investment position of the United States in Asia Pacific from 2000 to 2018, on a historical-cost basis. In 2018, the U.S. investments made in Asia Pacific was valued at approximately 886 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. direct investment abroad is defined as ownership by a U.S. investor of at least 10 percent of a foreign business. The direct investor is known as a U.S. parent, and the U.S.-owned foreign business is known as a foreign affiliate. The total direct position of the United States abroad amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in beach volleyball in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in beach volleyball amounted to approximately 4.77 million. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Tampa Bay Rays from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 228 million U.S. dollars.The Tampa Bay Rays are owned by Stuart Sternberg, who bought the franchise for 200 million U.S. dollars in 2004. 
 Between 2000 and 2018 the death rate of the United Kingdom fluctuated between a high of 10.4 deaths per 1,000 people in 2000 and a low of 8.7 in 2011. From 2011 onwards the death rate creeped up slightly and in the most recent year of 2018, reached 9.3. Over 616 thousand deaths in 2018 alone Although there was a net decrease of around three thousand deaths recorded in the United Kingdom between 2000 and 2018, the year with the lowest number of deaths was 2011 when there were just over 552 thousand deaths recorded. Improvements to life expectancy slowing In 2017, life expectancy in the United Kingdom reached approximately 83 years old for women and 79 years old for men. This marked an increase of around 2.5 years for women and about 3.5 years for men. Despite these developments, improvements to life expectancy have slowed down in recent years, with increases of zero weeks for women between 2015 and 2017 and almost zero for men in the same period. 
 The statistic depicts the manufacturers (wholesale) sales of sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, sports apparel, athletic footwear, and sports licensed merchandise in the U.S. from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, wholesale sales amounted to about 92.26 billion U.S. dollars. Sporting goods manufacturers wholesale sales - additional information Wholesale sales of sporting goods in the U.S. reached 92.26 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, the highest figure to-date and a eight billion U.S. dollar increase on the figure from 2014. The biggest sector in this industry is athletic apparel, which generated U.S. wholesale sales of 36.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Sporting goods equipment made 25.06 billion U.S. dollars and athletic footwear contributed a further 16.55 billion U.S. dollars. Of the athletic apparel sales in the U.S. in 2017, over 16 billion U.S. dollars came from branded clothing. The single biggest athletic apparel brand in the U.S. and worldwide is Nike, whose sales of sports clothing reached almost five billion U.S. dollars in North America in 2018, a more than twofold increase on the figure from 2011. Adidas is also a major sports apparel brand in the U.S. Its global sales of apparel topped 8.2 billion euros in 2018. 
 The statistic presents information on consumers' opinion which actor they thought should win the Academy Awards for the category Best Actor in 2018. During a February 2018 survey, 13 percent of U.S. respondents stated they thought Denzel Washington should win the award. 
 The statistic illustrates the volume of concrete reinforcing bars that were produced in the United States between 2000 and 2017. In 2017, some 6.4 million metric tons of such products were produced here. 
 This graph shows the statutory debt limit on federal debt of the United States of America from 1940 to 2019. On August 2, 2019, the debt limit was raised to 21.9 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 An increasing number of passengers have been choosing air travel in Germany. In the ten years preceding 2018, figures grew from 166.3 million to 22.55 million. Lufthansa Air travel has become more widespread due to a larger choice of airlines and offers, as well as the rapid expansion and convenience of online travel bookings. Based on the number of departures taking place in Germany, Lufthansa soared ahead of all airlines, followed by its subsidiary Eurowings. At the same time, the majority of passengers never booked flights with Lufthansa. Frankfurt/ Main leading passenger airport While most outbound trips from Germany are made by land, which is understandable considering the established train and motorway network within the country and Europe, air travel is also very popular. Frankfurt/ Main airport saw the most passengers in 2018, followed by Munich and Dusseldorf. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults attending a classical music event at least once in the past 12 months in the United States from 1982 to 2012. In 2012, 8.8 percent of U.S. adults had attended a classical music event at least once in the past year. 
 Data on Spotify's cost of goods sold from 2012 to 2019, which is mostly comprised of the music streaming company's licensing expenses, revealed that the company's cost of sales amounted to 5.04 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, more than five times the figure recorded five years earlier. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of corn products in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The U.S. per capita consumption of corn products amounted to 35.2 pounds in 2018. Corn products include flour and meal, hominy and grits, and food starch. 
 The statistic shows the sports market size in North America from 2009 to 2018, with forecasts from 2019 to 2023. In 2018, the North American sports market had a value of about 71.06 billion U.S. dollars. This figure is expected to rise to 83.1 billion by 2023. The market is composed of the segments gate revenues, media rights, sponsorships and merchandising. Sports market in the United States - additional information Today’s sports market size is experiencing strong growth, having developed into a full-blown worldwide industry in the past decades, with unprecedented levels of revenue and more industry players than ever. The market is divided into four main segments: gate receipts (ticket sales for live sporting events), sponsorship, media rights and merchandising. With more than 71 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018, the North American sports market is one of the largest in the world. On the global level and in the U.S. as well, gate receipts represent one of the largest revenue segments in the sports market. For 2018, some 19.2 billion U.S. dollars in revenue were generated through ticket sales alone in North America. The largest revenue stream in the US sports market is the media rights market, where revenue is generated from fees paid by radio, television or internet broadcasters to distribute sporting events. Due to the wide availability of media devices, this sector has increased tremendously in size in the past ten years, from 8.5 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2006 to 20.14 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The sponsorship sector, which includes revenues generated by payments from companies to have their products associated with an event, a team or a league, has also been expanding in the past years. In 2018, an estimated 17.17 billion U.S. dollars of revenues were generated through this channel, with projections as high as 20.65 billion by 2023. The merchandising sector, which includes everything from team jerseys to branded sports equipment, has registered slow but steady growth, with projected revenues reaching over 15.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC capital gains tax receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. There were some fluctuations during this period, the largest of which was from 2008/09 to 2009/10 when the revenue went from a peak of 7.9 billion British pounds (GBP) to 2.5 billion GBP in the next fiscal year. 
 This statistic shows the monthly amount of cars sold by Alfa Romeo in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. Peaks in registration numbers were recorded in March and September of each year, which was due to the issuing of license plates by the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in those months. In July 2019, 235 new Alfa Romeo units had been sold, a decrease of roughly ten percent in comparison to 261 units as of July 2018. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of the United Kingdom amounted to about 86.82 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows leading hotel brands in the United States ranked by average index ranking in 2018. YouGov's brand Index 2018 results show that Marriott ranked highest with a score of 33.7, followed by Holiday Inn at 30.7. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in Canada from 2014 to 2018 in relation to gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Canada amounted to about 89.94 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows the dividend per share of Daimler AG from the fiscal year of 2006 to the fiscal year of 2019. In its 2019 fiscal year, Daimler AG paid out a dividend of approximately 0.9 euros per share. 
 This statistic represents the percentage of attacks with improvised explosive devices in populated areas between 2011 and 2013. In 2013, 62 percent of all improvised explosive devices incidents took place in populated areas. 
How many people use Instagram? In June 2018, Instagram had reached one billion monthly active users, up from 800 million in September 2017. The app is one of the most popular social networks worldwide. Global Instagram audiences Instagram is a mobile social network that allows users to edit and share photos and videos. In 2018, there were more than 100 million active Instagram users in the United States. This figure is projected to surpass 111 million in 2019. Instagram is most popular with teens and young Millennials – this holds true in the United States in particular where more than half of Instagram’s user base is between 18 and 29 years old. Globally speaking, 41 percent of users are 24 years of age or younger. Instagram is one of the top two preferred social networks of teens in the United States, beating Twitter and Facebook but still ranking behind Snapchat. Instagram marketing Due to the app’s visual nature and high user engagement rate, Instagram is also a valuable social media marketing tool. In 2018, brands uploaded an average of 0.7 posts to the social platform every day, with those in the sports vertical being the most active. 
 This statistic presents the percentage of online consumers in the United States who are Amazon Prime members. During the most recent survey period in August 2016, it was found that 44 percent of female respondents had an Amazon Prime membership. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Seattle Mariners from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 320 million U.S. dollars.The Seattle Mariners are owned by John Stanton and Chris Larson, who bought the franchise for 1.2 billion U.S. dollars and 100 million U.S. dollars in 2016 and 1992 respectively. 
 This statistic shows the leading ten trends in kids' meals on restaurant menus in the United States as forecasted by professional chefs for 2018. During the survey, 61 percent of the respondents stated that healthful kids' meals would be a "hot trend" for restaurant menus in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of deaths of British (UK) tourists abroad from 2009 to 2014. 5,930 deaths were recorded in 2009/2010, with numbers rising during the following years. Though by 2013/2014 numbers had dropped to 4,110 deaths. However, this also has to do with new recording guidelines. 
 This statistic displays the wholesale price of iceberg lettuce in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2015 to 2019. The wholesale price of iceberg lettuce was valued at 0.79 British pounds per head in November 2019, an increase compared to the price a year earlier. 
 This statistic shows the top 10 countries for number of children aged 0 to 14 years with type 1 diabetes in 2019. In that year, the India topped the list with around the 95,600 children, followed by the U.S. with over 94,000. 
 The statistic shows China's foreign trade share with selected countries in 2013. China's share of German foreign trade (imports and exports) amounted to about 5.5 percent in 2013. Main trade partners of China – additional information China's trade pattern has been largely influenced by its overall comparative advantage in labor intensive goods. In 2013, China was by far the world's largest trade nation, surpassing even the United States in terms of total merchandise trade value. That year’s goods exports from China had amounted to approximately 2.2 trillion U.S. dollars, while imports of goods had ranged at approximately 1.95 trillion U.S. dollars. Over the past decades, China has gained a lot of importance in international trade as both production and trading economies all over the world have developed close ties to the red dragon. In 2013, China accounted for approximately 15 percent of Japan's foreign trade, making China the main trade partner of Japan. Japan mainly exports electronic equipment and machines to China and imports manufactured goods such as clothing from China. However, this relation has suffered since 2012 due to a long-running territorial dispute. China also has tight trade ties to the United States. In 2013, China was the United States' third largest export market after Canada and Mexico. During the past ten years, goods exported from the United States to China and vice versa have grown substantially. By 2015, the United States have turned into China's main export partner with a share of about 18 percent in total exports from China. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price of Detroit Red Wings games within the National Hockey League from 2005/06 to 2014/15. In the 2005/06 season, the average ticket price was 43.13 U.S. dollars. The Red Wings play their home games at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. 
 The statistic shows the main export partners for France in 2017. In 2017, the most important export partner for France was Germany, accounting for 14.8 percent of all exports. 
 Between 2000 and 2018 the inflation rate of the Retail Price Index fluctuated from a high of 5.2 percent in 2011 and a low of minus 0.5 percent in 2009. Forecasts from the UK government indicate that the RPI will stick to a low rate of either 3.1 or 3.2 percent until at least 2023. CPI official measurement While the retail price index is still a popular method of calculating inflation, the Office of National Statistics instead uses the Consumer Price Index as its official index. In order to stay relevant to the needs of consumers, the basket of goods used to calculate inflation frequently changes, and in recent years has omitted some items such as envelopes. UK CPI compared to Europe The United Kingdom’s forecasted CPI rate for 2019 was estimated to be 2.5 percent, which was slightly higher than other European Countries such as Germany and France which had inflation rates of 1.8 and 1.9 percent forecast for 2019. The UK government’s forecasts that the inflation rate is expected to be stabilize soon, reaching a rate between 2 and 2.1 percent between 2020 and 2023. 
 This statistic shows the trend-indicator-value (TIV) of the export of arms from Sweden in 2017, by country. The TIV is based on the known unit production costs of a core set of weapons and is intended to represent the transfer of military resources rather than the financial value of the transfer. The TIV is expressed here in million constant U.S. dollars as of 1990. In 2018, arms export from Sweden to the United States amounted to 28 million constant (1990) U.S. dollars. The depicted export value is only an indicator and does not correspond to the actual financial value of the transfers. 
 This statistic shows the total hay production in the United States from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, approximately 123.6 million tons of hay were produced in the country in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Libya from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the average inflation rate in Libya amounted to about 28.47 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The Ibex 35 is Spain’s main stock market index, featuring 35 of the companies with the most liquid assets that are traded in the Madrid Stock Exchange or Bolsa de Madrid in Spanish. Out of the 35 entities, the Madrid-based television network Mediaset España had the highest dividend yield during the time in consideration at 8.46 percent. The energy and cellulose-specialized company Ence came in second on the list, at 6.7 percent of dividend yield in 2019. The Ibex 35 development and performance The Spanish benchmark stock index developed positively up to 2007, when due to the financial the Ibex 3 rapidly fell to approximately 9196 index points down from 15182 the previous year. For this reason, the performance of the stock market index plummeted by 34.43 percent, which is the sharpest drop registered in recent years. As a result, the volatility rose by 48.2 percent in 2018, which is also the sharpest increase recorded over the last years. The Spanish market seems to be recovering from the impact caused by the 2008 financial crash, although it has not yet reached the levels prior to the recession. Mediaset: leader in Spanish television Mediaset España is Spain’s largest television network, with its flagship channel Telecinco at the top of the list of most watched television stations with 14.1 percent of the audience. Mediaset España is still far off its Italian counterpart in terms of net consolidated revenues though, which amounted to 996.3 million euros for Spain in 2017 and over 2.3 billion euros for the Italian branch. In total assets, the Spanish media group totted up 1.3 billion euros in 2018, enjoying around 257 million euros of operating income that year. 
 This statistic shows global revenue generated by the CBS Corporation from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the U.S. media conglomerate generated a global revenue of 14.51 billion US dollars, up from 13.69 billion a year earlier. 
 This statistic shows the proportion of metal and metal products that are produced from copper scrap and other low-grade residues worldwide from 2004 to 2014. In 2008, the global recycling rate for copper scrap amounted to 35 percent. 
 This statistic shows the amount of radioactive waste stored in selected countries. In France, the stockpile of spent power-reactor fuel amounted to 13,500 tons of heavy metal. 
 This statistic presents the distribution of cyber stalking victims in 2013, by gender. According to cases handled by cyber harassment support group WHOA, 60 percent of reporting victims were female. 
 As of June 2019, China was ranked first among the countries with the most internet users. China had 854 million internet users, more than double the amount of third-ranked United States with just over 293 million internet users. Overall, all BRIC markets had more than 100 million internet users, accounting for four of the eight countries with more than 100 million internet users. Worldwide internet usage - additional information According to a recent report, there were 4.13 billion internet users around the world. Considering that the number of humans living on Earth is presently estimated at some 8.5 billion, this means that over 41 percent of the world population is interconnected through the use of internet. There are, however, stark differences in user distribution according to region, where East Asia is home to 923 million internet users, while African and the Middle Eastern regions have lower user figures. China ranks first in a top of countries with most internet users. Due to its ongoing and fast-paced economic development, but also to a cultural inclination towards technology, more than 854 million of the estimated 1.38 billion population in China are online. Some of the other notable emerging markets are India, with a projected number of internet users of 636 million by 2021, or Indonesia, which is expected to have 144.2 million of its citizens surfing the World Wide Web around the same year. Notwithstanding the leadership of China and the overall Asia Pacific region in terms of sheer number of cybercitizens, the most common language in the online medium is still English, which is preferred by over 26 percent of the total number of internet users. 
 The statistic shows the total costs of terrorism worldwide from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the total costs from terrorism amounted to 33 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives information on Google's average revenue per user from the first quarter of 2015 to the fourth quarter of 2016, in U.S. dollars. During the most recently reported quarter, the online company's ARPU amounted to 4.7 U.S. dollars, up from 2.3 U.S. dollars in the first quarter of 2015. 
 This statistic presents the net profit margin of the leading 10 consumer products companies in the United States in 2013. In that year, the Coca-Cola Company had a net profit margin of 18.4 percent. The Coca-Cola Company, founded in 1892, is headquartered in Atlanta, Georgia. 
 This statistic shows the number of cars sold by Lotus in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. Lotus is a British company and subsidiary of the Malaysian automotive company Proton since the bankruptcy of its former owner Romano Artioli in 1996. Sales of the British brand peaked at 90 units in August 2016. In June 2019, 52 new units had been sold 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Oakland Athletics games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 24.30 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the retail sales prices of selected 2014 FIFA World Cup merchandise at the official FIFA online store. The official game ball - 'Brazuca' is sold at the FIFA online shop for 159.99 U.S. dollars. 2014 World Cup merchandise - additional information In a world of social media and global connectivity, the FIFA World Cup is growing in popularity with every tournament, with over 26 million Americans tuning in to watch the 2014 final. This has allowed FIFA to sell the tournament as a brand, with items ranging from replica jerseys and match balls to collectible stickers being sold on the official FIFA online store. Brazil’s iconic yellow home jersey was sold in the store for 149.99 U.S dollars and Germany’s white home jersey (in which they ultimately won the tournament) was on sale for 119.99 U.S dollars. In 2014 Adidas expects to sell more than eight million jerseys in total compared to 6.5 million in 2010. The Brazuca, the official match ball of the World Cup, was supplied by Adidas, an official partner of FIFA and official ball supplier for the world’s biggest sporting event since 1970. The name ‘Brazuca’ was selected after a public vote of over one million Brazilian football fans, with the title coming from a colloquial term used to describe pride in the Brazilian way of life. The ball is formed from six identical panels, two fewer than South Africa’s Jabulani ball, which are glued together at a certain level of heat and pressure. Whilst sales of the 2010 Jabulani ball reached 13 million, Adidas hopes to sell 14 million of the 2014 Brazuca edition. The Panini stickers available in the store have been sold during every World Cup since Mexico 1970. The products feature stadium, mascot, player, and team stickers that are intended to be applied to the corresponding album. There are also special hologram cards and the ultimate goal is to completely fill every blank space in the album. The company, based in Modena, Italy, expects to reach over 8 million fans in Brazil alone, with a record-breaking amount of stickers being sold during the tournament. 
 This statistic represents the growth rate of global cumulative installed wind power capacity from 2017 through 2022. In 2022, cumulative wind power capacity installations are expected to grow by around 8.8 percent. 
 The poverty rate in Chile has been decreasing lately. In 2017, approximately 1.8 percent of the population of the South American country was living on less than 3.20 U.S. dollars per day, down from 7.4 percent observed in 2006.Furthermore, the percentages of Chileans with credit card have increased throughout recent years. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Philadelphia Phillies from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Philadelphia Phillies was 33,671. • Philadelphia Phillies total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic illustrates the usage penetration of food and cooking apps in Great Britain among age and gender demographic groups. Of respondents aged 50 to 64, nine percent reported regularly using a food or cooking app. 
 This statistic shows the Gini coefficient of provinces in Canada in 2017. In 2017, the Gini coefficient of Ontario, Canada, was 0.322, making it Canada's most inequitable province in terms of after-tax income. 
 The statistic shows a forecast for the global printer hardware shipments from 2007 to 2015. In 2007, the global printer hardware shipments amounted to 139 million. In 2015, the shipments are projected to amount to 128 million units. 
 This statistic depicts a ranking of the top 10 U.S. hospitals based on net patient revenue in 2014. In that year, the Cleveland Clinic Hospital in Cleveland, Ohio, was ranked first in the United States, generating approximately 4.19 billion U.S. dollars of net patient revenue. 
 This statistic displays the volume of used car sales in selected European countries in 2013, per thousand population. The United Kingdom (UK) is the biggest used car market among the displayed countries, handling approximately eight percent more used cars than Sweden in 2013. 
 This statistic shows the number of domestic violence incidents in England and Wales from 2001/02 to 2018/19. The trend shows a net decline in domestic violence in England and Wales, with 269 reported cases in 2018/19 compared to 701 cases recorded in 2001/02. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Kazakhstan from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Kazakhstan's gross domestic product amounted to around 172.94 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph shows the number of people who have obtained a legal divorce and have not remarried in Canada in 2018, distinguished by age group. In 2018, 26 divorced Canadians were between 15 and 19 years of age. 
 This statistic shows the average sales per unit of KFC in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, KFC's average sales per unit reached 1,210 thousand U.S. dollars. Kentucky Fried Chicken Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) is a US-American fast food chain headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky. The limited-service restaurant chain was originally founded by Harland Sanders and specializes in chicken. KFC is currently owned by Yum! Brands, which also owns the quick-service restaurant chains Taco Bell and Pizza Hut. In 2018, there were more than 22 thousand Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurants in operation worldwide, spread out over 120 countries.The company’s most important foreign market is China where KFC operates nearly 5,000 restaurants. Kentucky Fried Chicken’s parent company Yum! Brands does not report revenue figures for its individual brands but only companywide revenues, which was 5.69 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The Quick Service Restaurant Magazine though reports in its 2018 QSR 50 that KFC had systemwide sales of about 4.4 billion U.S. dollars in the United States. Milward Brown Optimor ascribes the Kentucky Fried Chicken brand a value of over 15 billion U.S. dollars. In comparison, McDonald’s brand value was at more than 126 billion U.S. dollars, Starbucks’ at over 44 billion U.S. dollars and the Subway brand was assessed at nearly 19 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the results of a 2012 survey among Canadian women aged 18 to 60 about their stance on sex on vacation. They were asked how they would manage to have sex on vacation while sharing a room with others. 46 percent of the women stated that they would have sex when nobody else is in the room. 
 This statistic shows data on the development of the daily television consumption in Germany from 1997 to 2019. In 2019, the average German television spent 211 minutes watching TV every day. Compared to 1997, this was an increase of 28 minutes. 
 This survey was aimed at assessing the Christmas spending habits in the United Kingdom (UK) in the year 2017, posing the question "How much are you planning to spend per child on Christmas presents?". Whereas the 21 percent of surveyed shoppers reported planning to spend less than 50 British Pounds per child, 12 percent mentioned spending more than 200 British Pounds. 
 This statistic illustrates the total number of passengers uplifted by TUI Airways Ltd in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2008 to 2018. In October 2017, Thomson Airways Ltd was officially rebranded as TUI Airways Ltd. During the period of consideration, the peak in passenger numbers was recorded in 2008, at approximately 12.2 million. Between 2008 and 2014, this value slowly decreased to roughly 10.3 million passengers. The following years, the number of passengers rose again, reaching 11.2 million in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Portland Trail Blazers franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.85 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Indonesia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Indonesia amounted to about 16.64 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 According to a national pet owners survey, there was a total of approximately 95.6 million cats living in households in the United States in 2017. In the same year, some 68 percent of all U.S. households owned at least one pet. Increasing pet expenditure Whilst the number of households owning cats, and pets in general, has remained relatively consistent over the last few years, pet industry expenditure has steadily grown. Consumers are expected to spend a record breaking 75.38 billion U.S. dollars on their pets in 2019. The majority of pet market revenue comes from food sales, followed by veterinary care costs. Shopping location preferences When it comes to shopping locations, most consumers still purchase their pet products in physical retail stores. However, the number of consumers buying pet products online is on the rise. Dry cat food was the number one pet product bought online by cat owners in the United States in 2018. 
 Almost every Automated teller Machine (ATM) in the United Kingdom (UK) is a part of the Link network. During the previous 12-month period, an average of almost 230 million transactions using Link cash machines take place every month, accounting for an average of 10 billion British pounds in withdrawals. Free to use cash machines In 2018, over 80 percent of cash machines in the United Kingdom were free to use. Whether an ATM is free to use appears to be a very important factor as to if the machine is used to withdraw money. During 2018, free to use ATM’s accounted for 98 percent of withdrawals. The other two percent of withdrawals were made using the 14.6 thousand fee-based machines situated in the UK. ATM’s fall across Europe Between 2016 and 2018, the number of ATM’s in Europe has fallen by almost 14 thousand. Each ATM in Europe services an average of over 64 thousand individuals. The decrease in Automated Teller Machines in Europe has been a direct cause of the rise in cashless payments. Across the continent, people are choosing to use cards and mobile payments as their preferred process instead of the incumbency of using physical cash. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of household in the United States with dial-up internet connection usage in November 2017, by state. During the survey period, it was found that 1.83 percent of the household population in Colorado used a dial-up connection to access the internet at home. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Baltimore Ravens games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 103.59 U.S. dollars. 
 The biggest country of origin for tobacco imported into the United Kingdom was Poland. In 2019, the country supplied tobacco worth over two hundred million British pounds to the UK. Germany and the Netherlands rank next, with imports from these countries amounting to 107 and 94 million pounds respectively. Tobacco trade and retailImports of tobacco and tobacco substitutes to the UK amounted to 756 million US Dollars in 2018. Most tobacco is produced in China, Brazil and India. Together these countries produced over 3.75 million metric tons of tobacco in 2018. In the UK over 12 billion British pounds of revenue were made with the retail sale of tobacco during that year. Smoking in the UK In the different countries of the UK, around 14 to 16 percent of the population smoked in 2018. Noticeable is that the percentage of people who never smoked in Northern Ireland was almost five percent higher than in England and about six percent higher when compared to Scotland and Wales. Smoking in the UK, as well as in other countries of the world, is more common among males than females. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Uruguay from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Uruguay amounted to about 7.61 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, the national healthcare expenditure reached a value of approximately 89.8 billion euros. In the Netherlands, every resident or employee is obliged to take a basic health insurance to cover medical costs from, for example, visits to a general practitioner or the hospital. The Dutch government decides on the cover provided by this package and health insurance companies are obliged to accept everyone who meets the requirements, regardless of age or state of health. An important characteristic of Dutch health insurance, though, is the so-called "principle of social solidarity": the overall costs of health care are paid by everybody. It is since 2008, for example, compulsory from the age of 18 to pay a total mandatory excess before the basic health insurance reimburses medical costs. In this way, everybody contributes to certain types of healthcare such as maternity care. In 2017, the total mandatory excess reached a value of 385 euros. In 2005, the total health expenditure as share of GDP in the Netherlands reached a value of approximately 12 percent. Subsequently, this increased to approximately 14 percent in 2015. In 2017, the gross government expenses for primary care reached a value of approximately 5.5 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the number of hotels and similar accommodation in Spain in 2015, by number of rooms. In 2015 there were over 12 thousand hotels with less than 25 rooms in Spain. 
 This statistic represents the capacity factor of nuclear power plants in the United States between 1975 and 2018. In 2018, the capacity factor of U.S. nuclear power plants stood at around 92.6 percent. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Chicago White Sox from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 272 million U.S. dollars.The Chicago White Sox are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf, who bought the franchise for 20 million U.S. dollars in 1981. 
 Out of all OECD countries, Israel had the highest poverty rate as of 2017, at 17.9 percent. The country with the second highest poverty rate was the United States, with 17.8 percent. The significance of the OECD The OECD, or the Organisation for Economic Co-operation and Development, was founded in 1948 and is made up of 36 member countries. It seeks to improve the economic and social well-being of countries and their populations. The OECD looks at issues that impact people’s everyday lives and proposes policies that can help to improve the quality of life. Poverty in the United States In 2018, there were 38.15 million people living below the poverty line in the U.S. About 20.8 percent of the African American population lived in poverty in 2018, the most out of any ethnicity. In addition, more young women lived in poverty than young men. It is clear that poverty in the United States is a complex, multi-faceted issue that affects millions of people and will require a solution for the country to move forward. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Tampa Bay Buccaneers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 82.59 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to the gross domestic product (GDP) in Mexico from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Mexico amounted to 25.67 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 Jet2.Com has established itself as one of the leading United Kingdom based airlines. In 2018, the Leeds based airline company carried 12.1 million passengers. This was the first year in the company’s history when passenger numbers exceeded 10 million. The UK airline began operations in 1983, however passenger charter services were not offered until 2001. Largest airlines in the country The leading airline in the country was Easyjet, which uplifted 78.5 million people in 2018. With 12.1 million passengers carried, Jet2.Com came in third, making it the second largest low-cost carrier. Company financials Since 2012, Jet2.Com has been able to increase their annual revenue every year. By 2018, figures exceeded two billion British pounds. This was nearly five times more revenue than was generated six years prior. By comparison, the company’s net profit stood at 88.5 million British pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic displays the monthly exchange rate (as of the end of each month) of the euro to the Polish zloty (EUR/PLN), according to data from the European Central Bank, from January 2014 to January 2020. The concrete, or point in time, measure shows the exchange rate as of the last day of each month, which is different to the standardized measure; calculation of average based on observations throughout the period in question. Between the months of December 2016 and May 2017, the monthly exchange rate of the euro to the Polish zloty noted a steady decrease. In May 2017, the euro to Polish zloty monthly exchange rate was equal to 4.17, which meant that one euro could buy 4.17 Polish zloty. As of January 2020, the exchange rate of the euro to the Polish zloty amounted to approximately 4.3009. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Liberia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Liberia amounted to about 23.55 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the New Orleans Saints from the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value amounted to about 2.3 billion U.S. dollars. Since 1985, the New Orleans Saints have been owned by Gayle Benson, wife of the late Thomas Benson, who bought the franchise for 70.2 million U.S. dollars in 1985. 
 The statistic shows the average price of calcined gypsum on a free-on board (FOB) plant basis in the United States between 2007 and 2019. In 2019, the average FOB plant price for this construction material was around 32 US dollars per metric ton. 
 More than half of Americans wanted to start 2018 by saving money and by getting in shape. The most popular New Year’s resolution ever – “quit smoking” – was not as high up on the list as it used to be, but at least 16 percent decided to finally give up smoking once and for all. Resolution makers, resolution keepers? While some might say that they do not need New Year’s Eve to finally turn their life around, making resolutions on December 31 is a common, well-liked tradition, especially in the Western world. They are usually meant to contain some kind of improvement or betterment of one’s conduct or life choices. However, these resolutions are not compulsive; only a small share of people who make them actually keep them, according to a Statista survey. They are more like a signal for a new start than an actual catalyst for change. Traditional changes While they signal a change of choices and behavior, New Year’s resolutions themselves hardly ever change: When comparing the resolutions for 2018 and 2019, for example, it’s obvious that people still just want to be healthy and happy, maybe broaden their horizons, and save up – in general, be a sensible, content adult. This is not only true for Americans – Italians also wish for stable finances and their own and loved ones’ health, as do South Koreans. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Milwaukee Bucks games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 46.03 U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline presents data on the net income generated by Twenty First Century Fox in the fiscal years 2011 to 2018. In the fiscal year 2018, the company generated 4.76 billion US dollars, up from 3.23 a year earlier.21st Century Fox consists of News Corporations's former TV and film divisions. It split from the News Corp. in June 2013. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Senegal from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Senegal amounted to about 0.47 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic displays the most common types of training received by members of the construction industry's workforce in the United Kingdom (UK) between March 2014 and March 2016. Health & Safety training was received by 79 percent of the respondents. 
 This graph shows the number of households in the United States by household income in 2018. In 2018, about 9.3 million households had an income of 200,000 U.S. dollars or more. The total number of households in the U.S. since 1960 can be found here. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Nebraska from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 11 percent of Nebraska's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Wendy's restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. Wendy's had an ACSI score of 77 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. In 2018, there were nearly five and a half thousand franchised and around 350 company-owned Wendy's restaurants in the U.S. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Spain from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Spain was at about 2.5 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 Volkswagen Group’s revenue reached a peak in the 2018 fiscal year. The carmaker’s 236 billion euros in revenue also secured VW a spot in the ranking of the wealthiest companies worldwide. Key brand The Volkswagen Passenger Cars division represented the largest contributor to the company’s revenue with a revenue share of about 36 percent in 2018. The flagship brand mainly has hatchbacks, convertibles, and sedans, as well as an array of minivans and sport utility vehicles (SUVs) in its product line-up. Key market While Volkswagen’s sales in Germany were flat during the past couple of years, Asia-Pacific has emerged as VW’s largest target market. Consumers in China and Hong Kong bought almost ten times as many Volkswagen-badged cars as car shoppers in the United States. Volkswagen’s Audi premium brand was slightly more popular with U.S. customers, who purchased a little over 220,000 Audi sedans in 2018. This figure compares to around 660,000 Audi sales in China and Hong Kong. 
 This statistic shows the global Purchasing Manager Index (PMI) of the industrial sector from September 2018 to September 2019. In September 2019, the global EMI was at 49.7 points. 
 This statistic depicts the percentage of eyewear sold online in the United States in 2019, by type. In 2019, 9.3 percent of prescription glasses in the United States were sold online. 
 This statistic shows the average annual wages in Austria from 2000 to 2018. Over this period, the annual average rose to its peak to an approximate total of 43.5 thousand euros in 2018. 
 Since 2009, the final consumption expenditure of French households on clothing has remained relatively stable, ranging at 36 billion euros in 2017. Fashion purchasing habits Among French respondents in a survey conducted in 2017, about a third stated purchasing fashion clothing or accessories at least once every three months. In addition to this, 20 percent of surveyed consumers spent between 101 and 200 euros on fashion goods during the 2017 winter seasonal sales. When looking at the percentage of consumers buying organic clothing, it appears that the share of French women purchasing organic textile products reached 28 percent in 2018 . Online clothing purchases Further data states that 37 percent of women and 31 percent of men in France would be ready to carry all of their fashion purchases online. According to Statista’s Digital Market Outlook, the revenue from e-commerce clothing sales was estimated at 7,915 million euros for the year 2018 in France (DMO). 
 The statistic shows the number of health and fitness clubs in Latin American in 2017, by country. In Brazil, 34,509 fitness and health clubs were in operation in 2017. 
 The statistic shows information on the number of viewers of PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG) on Twitch worldwide from May to October 2017. According to the estimates, the battle royale game developed by Bluehole attracted 202 million viewers on Twitch in October 2017. At the same time, the game had a global player base of 10 million. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Nova Scotia from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Nova Scotia's GDP was about 36.66 billion Canadian dollars. 
 This statistic shows the annual growth rate of the global cosmetics market from 2004 to 2018. In 2018, the global cosmetics market grew by an estimated 5.5 percent compared to the previous sales year. Global Cosmetics Market Since the early twentieth century, the production of cosmetics has been controlled by a handful of multi-national corporations. The global cosmetics industry is broken down into six main categories; skin care being the largest one out of them all, accounting for 36.4 percent of the global market in 2016. In recent years, consumers have been spending higher levels of disposable income on cosmetics than they had in the past. Unfortunately, the global financial crisis has put a damper on the market and during those years, more affordably priced merchandise and do it yourself at home products were key in the beauty market. However, in recent years as Generation Y has really entered the job market, they have become a big driver of the cosmetics market; especially in the United States. The United States is the biggest cosmetic market in the world, with an estimated total revenue of about 62.46 billion U.S. dollars and employing about 63,816 people by 2016. In the coming years, global cosmetic companies will continue to focus their efforts on product innovation in order to attract new consumers and keep existing consumers loyal to specific brands. 
 This statistic presents the annual net loss of mobile messaging platform Snap. In 2019, the chat app had generated 1.03 billion U.S. dollars in net losses, a slight improvement from 1.56 billion U.S. dollars in losses in the preceding year. 
 This statistic shows the mean number of sexual partners in selected European countries in 2010. The survey was conducted among 15 to 20 year-olds and is part of the Face of Global sex Report by Durex. According to the source, the respondents in Turkey had 5.3 sex partners on average. 
 This statistic depicts the per capita consumption of fresh watermelons in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh watermelons amounted to approximately 15.7 pounds in 2018. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Virgin Active company from 2012 to 2014. In 2014, the health club chain generated a revenue of 1051.17 million U.S. dollars. In 2013, the UK based company operated 270 clubs. 
 This statistic shows the predicted year on year change in household consumption in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2018 to 2023. The forecast predicts a steady and slight increase throughout the entire period, by 0.1 percent. The only decrease is expected to happen between 2018 and 2019, by a decline of 0.1 percentage of change. 
 The New York Times Media Group's circulation revenue amounted to 275.28 million U.S. dollars in the final quarter of 2019, up from 263.5 million in the corresponding quarter of 2018. The Times' subscription revenue generally grows steadily over the course of each year. However, for the most part, the company sees a small revenue decrease in the third quarter, which has been an ongoing and consistent trend for the company over the last few years. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Iraq from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Iraqi population was 20 years. 
 Does it always rain in Belgium? In some weeks that may seem to be the case, but in the last decade Belgium actually counted between 180 and 212 rain days a year. And in none of these years, the annual rainfall surpassed the thousand millimeters. Rainfall peaked in 2016, at roughly 940 millimeters. In 2015 however, rainfall had only been 737 millimeters – the lowest rainfall in the period considered here. Belgium’s maritime climate Belgium has a temperate maritime climate, with cool summers and moderate winters. In the 2006-2016 period, the average temperature in the country was between 9.7 and 11.9 degrees Celsius. 2014 was the warmest year in the past decade, with an average temperature of nearly 12 degrees. The Belgian winter Next to a large number of rain days, Belgium’s average winter usually counts a number of frost days as well, when temperatures drop below zero. In 2010, there were nearly 75 such days. By comparison, 2014 had just ten frost days. That year, there was just one ice day, defined as a day in which the maximum temperature during the day is below the freezing point as well. In 2016, there were two ice days in Belgium. 
 This statistic depicts the leading selling apparel categories for shops in the United States in 2013, based on generated revenue. The survey revealed that t-shirts generated about 25 percent of apparel shops revenue. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in India from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the inflation rate in India was around 3.43 percent compared to the previous year. See figures on India's economic growth for additional information. India's inflation rate and economy Inflation is generally defined as the increase of prices of goods and services over a certain period of time, as opposed to deflation, which describes a decrease of these prices. Inflation is a significant economic indicator for a country. The inflation rate is the rate at which the general rise in the level of prices, goods and services in an economy occurs and how it affects the cost of living of those living in a particular country. It influences the interest rates paid on savings and mortgage rates but also has a bearing on levels of state pensions and benefits received. A 4 percent increase in the rate of inflation in 2011 for example would mean an individual would need to spend 4 percent more on the goods he was purchasing than he would have done in 2010. India’s inflation rate has been on the rise over the last decade. However, it has been decreasing slightly since 2010. India’s economy, however, has been doing quite well, with its GDP increasing steadily for years, and its national debt decreasing. The budget balance in relation to GDP is not looking too good, with the state deficit amounting to more than 9 percent of GDP. 
 The statistic shows the total U.S. energy-related carbon dioxide emissions between 1975 and 2018. In 2018, around 5.27 billion metric tons of CO2 emissions were produced from energy consumption in the United States. In 2015, around 34.8 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide was emitted globally. U.S. carbon dioxide emissions from energy consumption The year 1997 marked the birth of the Kyoto Protocol. That year, global energy-related CO2 emissions stood at around 24.4 billion metric tons. Despite numerous assurances by policymakers to undertake efforts to reduce pollution, this figure increased to more than 36 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide in 2017. North America and the Asia Pacific regions are presently the biggest producers of carbon dioxide emissions as a result of a growing thirst for energy derived from fossil fuels such as oil, natural gas and coal. China is currently the most polluting country in the world , with a 28.2 percent share of global CO2 emissions in 2016. A comparative analysis between CO2 levels in 1993 and those in 2003 shows that emission levels in China have more than tripled in a span of ten years. According to a recent forecast, energy-related global CO2 emissions from the consumption of coal, natural gas and liquid fuels are set to rise to unprecedented levels through 2040, while U.S. CO2 emissions produced by the use of natural gas are set to grow from 1.2 billion metric tons of CO2 equivalent in 2010 to 1.84 billion metric tons in 2040. In 2014, in Lima, Peru, negotiations were held regarding a post-Kyoto legal framework forcing major polluters, including China, India, and the United States, to pay for CO2 emissions. Although most countries refused to ratify this latter treaty, there has been a worldwide commitment towards so called “green energy.” Global renewable energy consumption soared from 44.4 million metric tons of oil equivalent in 1998 to 420 million metric tons of oil equivalent in 2016. International investments in renewable energy sources increased six-fold, as the world has invested more than 241.6 billion U.S. dollars in alternative energy sources and technologies as of 2016. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Oakland Raiders from the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value amounted to around 2.9 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the Times Higher Education world university ranking for 2019, sorted by reputation score. Harvard University was placed first as the university with the highest reputation score worldwide, at 100. 
 This statistic shows the total rate of Malaysian tertiary students studying abroad from 2005 to 2012. In 2012, approximately 5.43 percent of Malaysian students were attending tertiary education overseas. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Pizza Hut restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. Pizza Hut's ACSI score was 80 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Belgium from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Belgian population was 41.3 years. 
 This statistic shows the number of Walmart stores operating in Brazil from 2012 to 2018. Figures include retail stores, wholesale clubs, drugstores and convenience stores. In 2018, Walmart had a total of 465 stores in Brazil. 
 This statistic gives information on the most popular social networking apps in the United States as of September 2019, ranked by monthly user engagement. During that month, mobile Facebook users spent an average of 769.16 minutes on the social networking platform. 
 This statistic illustrates the monthly average crude oil prices of the OPEC (Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries) basket for the period between January 2019 to January 2020. The OPEC basket is a weighted average of prices for petroleum blends produced by OPEC countries. It is used as an important benchmark for crude oil prices. In January 2020, the average price of the OPEC basket was some 65.09 U.S. dollars per barrel. The OPEC basket oil price The OPEC crude oil price is defined by the price of the so-called OPEC (Reference) Basket. This basket is an average of the prices of petroleum blends that are produced by the OPEC members. Some of these oil blends are, for example: Saharan Blend from Algeria, Basra Light from Iraq, Arab Light from Saudi Arabia, Girassol from Angola, Es Sider from Libya, etc. OPEC tries to keep the price between given maxima and minima by increasing and decreasing its oil production. The OPEC reference basket includes both heavy and light crude oils, and is heavier than most other crude oil mixtures (benchmarks). The OPEC Basket is one of the most crucial benchmarks for crude oil prices worldwide. The most significant benchmarks are UK Brent, West Texas Intermediate (WTI), and Dubai Crude (Fateh). Because there are many types and grades of oil, such benchmarks are indispensable for referencing them on the global oil market. Looking at the OPEC price within the last 12 months, the highest peak was reached in April 2019, when the annual average price stood at 70.78 U.S. dollars per barrel, while the lowest price was 58.74 U.S. dollars per barrel in January 2019. OPEC stands for “Organization of the Petroleum Exporting Countries,” and was founded in 1960 in Baghdad, Iraq. The following countries are members of this organization: Algeria, Angola, Congo, Ecuador, Equatorial Guinea, Gabon, Iraq, Iran, Kuwait, Libya, Nigeria, Saudi Arabia, Venezuela, and the United Arab Emirates. The main aim of OPEC is to coordinate the oil policies of these countries, and thus to have more influence on the international oil market. 
 The motorcycle fleet size in Mexico amounted to more than four million units in 2018. This represented an increase of almost 13.5 percent in comparison to the motorbike fleet reported a year earlier. In 2018, the number of registered motor vehicles in circulation in Mexico reached almost 47.8 million units. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of the Netherlands from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in the Netherlands was around 466 billion U.S. dollars. For comparison, the Greek debt amounted to approximately 375 billion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 This statistic shows the share of internet users in the United States who were using Skype as of January 2018, sorted by age group. We Are Flint found that 51 percent of internet users aged from 18 to 24 years old used the telecommunications application software. 
 This statistic presents the average network size of teenage Twitter users in the United States. During the March 2015 survey, it was found that 10 percent of respondents had 101 to 200 followers on the social network. The U.S. teen average was 95 followers. In contrast, Katy Perry, the most-followed celebrity on the social network, had close to 75 million followers. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Haiti from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Haiti's gross domestic product amounted to around 9.66 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total butter production in the United States from 2004 to 2018. In 2018, about 1.89 billion pounds of butter were manufactured in the United States, up from 1.35 billion pounds in 2005. 
 The two most valuable British brands in 2018 were the oil companies Shell and BP, the former of which is in possession of a staggering value of 39.4 billion British pounds. This was not different in the previous year either, when Shell ranked as the most valuable British brand while the rest of the list had some small shifts and variations. Oil, banks and Telecom The most valuable British brands as of 2018 is a balanced mixture of oil and gas companies, banks and telecommunications. Of the two banks currently enjoying the status of most valuable brands in the UK, Barclays was also rated among the leading investment banks worldwide in 2018, making it the only British bank in the global top ten. Tesco: crown jewel of retail One British brand that stands out among this medley is Tesco, which is the only retail company to make it to the list. In Great Britain, Tesco currently holds the largest share in the grocery market and is considered to be the UK’s largest supermarket. Tesco operates stores and shops across numerous locations in nine countries. However, the UK and the Republic of Ireland markets remain the chain’s most valuable revenue source. 
 This statistic shows the value of merger and acquisition transactions in the United States healthcare and life sciences industry from 2009 to 2019 YTD. In 2016, aggregate transactions totaled some 278 billion U.S. dollars. M&A transactions provide investors with an exit strategy from smaller and private companies. These companies can also gain a broader market, revenue growth, and sale resources through its new larger management company. 
 In 2018 over 21 million tourists arrived in different accommodation establishments in the Czech Republic (officially Czechia). The number of tourists visiting Czechia has increased over the years, with the largest number of international tourists coming from Germany – in 2016, approximately 1.9 million visitors arrived from Germany alone. Czechia – the perfect destination for beer lovers One of Czechia’s attractions for tourists is its beer. Czechia has a long history of brewing beer and the beer industry is a big part of the country’s economy. The biggest beer festival in the world takes place in Czechia and lasts 17 days, during which visitors can taste more than 70 different brands of local beer. Czechia is also the leading country in the world when it comes to beer consumption – in 2017, a whopping 138 liters of beer were consumed per capita. European cities contribute to tourism boom Europe is the most popular destination for international tourism and the number of visitors is increasing every year. City tourism plays a large role in this, thanks in part to the relative ease of travel for Europeans, with budget airlines offering cheaper flights for weekend getaways. Prague, the capital of Czechia, ranks among the most visited cities in Europe. 
 This statistic shows the per capita Real Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of the United States from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, per capita Real GDP amounted to 58,055 chained (2012) U.S. dollars. 
 In the fourth quarter of 2019, Amazon's net income amounted to 3.3 billion U.S. dollars, up from the results of the preceding quarter with 2.13 billion U.S. dollars. Amazon's net sales amounted to 87.44 billion U.S. dollars during the same fiscal period. Shopping via Amazon Online product sales are the biggest revenue segment of the e-tailer, followed by retail third-party seller services. Amazon not only processes vendor sales but also enables third-party sellers to sell their goods through the platform. In the fourth quarter of 2019, more than half of all paid unit sales were generated by 3P sellers. During a February 2019 survey of U.S. Amazon shoppers, it was found that the most popular Amazon shopping categories were electronics, followed by apparel and footwear. Key factors that drive consumers to shop via Amazon are competitive pricing and low shipping costs, as well as positive product reviews. Increasing product sales also led to increased logistics expenditure for the retailer. In 2018, Amazon's fulfillment expenses amounted to 34.02 billion U.S. dollars, up from 25.2 billion U.S. dollars in the year before. In March 2018, Amazon’s average click-to-door speed in the United States was 3.07 days. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Singapore from 2014 to 2019, with projections up until 2024. In 2019, government expenditure in Singapore amounted to about 14.32 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 This statistic gives information on B2C e-commerce sales as percentage of the gross domestic product in China from 2009 to 2018. In 2013, B2C e-commerce accounted for 1.08 percent of the GDP in China. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Chargers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 165.77 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the monthly amount of cars sold by Kia in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2016 and December 2019. Peaks in registration numbers were recorded in March and September of each year, which was due to the issuing of license plates by the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in those months. In July 2019, 7,115 new Kia cars had been sold. 
 This statistic illustrates the total turnover of the British Barclays Group worldwide, listed for countries of operation as of 2019. In that year, the total turnover of the banking group in the United Kingdom (UK) amounted to 13.7 billion British pounds, an increase of over 1.5 billion British pounds from the previous year. The United States was second in the ranking, responsible for approximately 7.7 billion British pounds in turnover. Global operation Of Europe’s leading banks, Barclays Plc operated in the fifth highest number of countries globally. Of the fifty countries that the bank operates in, the highest number of employees are situated in the United Kingdom. Leading banks in Europe Barclays Plc was the eighth largest bank in Europe in terms of total assets. Furthermore, the UK based bank was the eleventh largest European bank for market capitalization, and sixth largest for Tier one capital. 
 Germany was, just like in 2018, also in 2019 the European country with the highest number of skiing participants, with approximately 14.6 million Germans skiing. When considering the total population, the share of people who ski in European countries was the highest in Liechtenstein and Austria with 36 percent of population taking part in the sport. The UK: A tradition of snowsport Established in 1903 and with over 28,000 members on the books, The Ski Club is the largest and oldest snowsports membership organisation in the UK. The turnover of the organization has grown in the past several years, reaching nearly six million British pounds in 2018. In the same year, it registered gross profit of approximately roughly 1.1 million British pounds. Off piste Freshtracks holidays were most popular among skiers. In 2018, a total of 1,365 skiers choosing off piste Freshtrack holidays from Ski Club Great Britain, which was a much higher number than than for example those that chose touring, tailormade or action skiing. As of 2019, roughly 44 percent of ski resorts were located in the Alps. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. birth rate among teenagers and young adult women, aged 15-19 years, between 1991 and 2018. In 2018, the teenage birth rate within this age group stood at 17.4 births per every thousand women. Teenage pregnancy and birth Teenage pregnancy and births are related to a number of negative outcomes. Babies born to teenage mothers are more likely to be premature and have a low birth weight, and teen mothers often experience gestational hypertension and anemia. Additionally, there are significant adverse effects on socioeconomic and educational outcomes for teenage parents. In the U.S., publicly funded family planning clinics provide services for adolescents at low and no-cost rates. During 2016, these clinics helped to avert over a combined 900,000 pregnancies, births, and abortions amongst teens in the United States. Contraceptive use among teens Since 1990, teenage pregnancy rates among 15 to 19-year olds in the U.S. have decreased, as the use of contraception has increased for both male and female adolescents. The most popular method of avoiding pregnancy among female adolescents is condoms, followed by withdrawal and the birth control pill. 
 The statistic shows the budget balance in India from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the state deficit of India amounted to about 6.4 percent of gross domestic product. See GDP of India for additional information. 
 Hong Kong led the Index of Economic Freedom in 2019, with an index score of 90.2 out of 100. Singapore, New Zealand, Switzerland, and Australia rounded out the top five. Economic Freedom Index In order to calculate the Economic Freedom Index, the source takes 12 different factors into account, including the rule of law, government size, regulatory efficiency, and open markets. All 12 factors are rated on a scale of zero to 100 and are weighted equally. Every country is rated within the Index in order to provide insight into the health and freedom of the global economy. Hong Kong’s economy Hong Kong, which is a special administrative region of China, had a GDP of about 340 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. There were 3.82 million employed people in 2017, with a low unemployment rate to match. Impressively, in 2018, Hong Kong’s governmental debt amounted to 190 million U.S. dollars, which only goes to show the strength of its economy. 
 The statistic shows share of internet users in the United States in 2019, sorted by gender. During the survey period, it was found that 91 percent of the female population were internet users. Overall, 90 percent of the U.S. population accessed the internet. 
 This statistic shows the share of employees at Cargill agricultural company in 2019, by region. In Latin America, the company employed approximately 22 percent of the total people working for Cargill. 
 This statistic shows the leading countries in synthetic diamond production worldwide in 2011. In that year, China produced some four billion carats of synthetic diamonds, and was the global leader in this industry. 
 This statistic shows the producer price index of concrete products in the United States between 1990 and 2018. These products had an index of 263.7 in 2018, compared with 100 in 1982. Concrete is an aggregate which contains cement and other materials. 
 This statistic shows public sector expenditure on unemployment benefits in the United Kingdom from 2013/14 to 2018/19. The expenditure on unemployment benefits has continuously decreased during this period. In 2018/19, this expenditure totalled approximately 1.7 billion British pounds. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Sudan from 1984 to 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Sudan's estimated gross domestic product amounted to around 34.28 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the contribution of various euro-zone countries into the European Stability Mechanism (ESM). Germany contributes an enormous 27.1 percent of the scheme. The European Stability Mechanism (ESM), commonly referred to as the EU "rescue funding programme, was designed to stabilize the European economic and currency union and to avert "state bankruptcy" and any negative consequences to the common currency. It was planned due to debt overload of some of the individual member countries' budgets. The ESM is supposed to contain 620 billion euros of securities and 80 billion euros of cash deposits, and is supposed to be set up by 2013 at the latest. 
 This statistic gives information on the age distribution of internet users in Mexico as of April 2019. During this period of time, it was found that 22 percent of internet users in the Latin American country were aged between 25 and 34 years. 
 This graph shows the population distribution of Chinese people living abroad as of 2018, by continent. By the end of that year, around 2.25 million Chinese nationals who were living overseas were in Europe. 
 This statistic displays Google's net income from 2001 through 2015. In the most recently reported period, the internet company's net income amounted to 16.35 billion US dollars, up from 12.92 billion US dollars in 2013. That year, Google's revenue came to 66 billion US dollars. Since parent company Alphabet discontinued reporting a separate net income for Google, interested parties only have the operating income to go by. Google's 2016 operating income amounted to 27.89 billion U.S. dollars in 2016, up from 23.32 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding fiscal period. 
 This statistic shows the number of Asian families with a female householder and no spouse present in the U.S. from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, there were about 597,000 Asian families with a single mother living in the United States. 
 This statistic illustrates the mortgage market share of the United Kingdom (UK) based Nationwide Building Society from 2011 to 2019. It can be seen that Nationwide increased its share of the mortgage market overall during the period under observation, reaching a share of 13.4 percent as of the year ending April 2019. The smallest mortgage market share for Nationwide was found in 2011, when a market share of 10.4 percent was recorded. 
 The statistic depicts the total production value of office furniture manufacturers located in the United States to all locations in the world from 1991 to 2015. The total production value amounted to 10.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. Office furniture industry in the United StatesThe US office furniture industry dates back to the 1800’s. With the invention of the telephone it became efficient for companies to have their manufacturing and administrative work separated, giving birth to the modern-day office. The office furniture industry produces a wide range of office furniture, including bookcases, cabinets, chairs, desks and filing cabinets. It also manufactures office and store fixtures, such as cafeteria countertops (except kitchen and bathroom), furniture parts and partitions.Low business sentiment and high unemployment drastically affected the industry during the recession, as demand for office furniture remained low. Rising import penetration from China also hurt industry revenue since the country is able to produce goods at much lower costs. Nevertheless, with the improved job market, demand will slowly rise, spurring growth for office furniture manufacturersCustomers have turned to the manufacturers for new solutions as worker habits have changed, given the technological advancements and the rapid adoption of smartphones and other mobile devices. That has meant office furniture makers have had to rethink their product portfolios and provide more flexible options than the cubicle walls they've sold for the past four decades. 
 This statistic shows the total assets of the Bank of China from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, the Bank of China generated total assets worth approximately 21.27 trillion yuan. 
 This graph shows the number of active duty U.S. Army personnel from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, there were 471,990 active duty U.S. Army members, as compared to 479,026 in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Cambodia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 23.39 percent of Cambodia's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows the share of Facebook's mobile advertising revenue from 2012 to 2018. In 2018, 92 percent of the social network's advertising revenues were generated via mobile, up from 88 percent in the previous year. This translates to over 50 billion U.S. dollars in annual mobile ad revenues. Facebook's mobile advertising revenue – additional information Founded in 2004 by then-Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook is the largest social network in the world with more than two billion active users. In 2018, the social network amounted 55.8 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. From this total, about 55 billion U.S. dollars were generated from advertising, as the social network’s business model heavily relies on this revenue stream. Facebook generated, per user, an average of 24.96 U.S. dollars in advertising revenue in 2018, a figure considerably higher than the ones from the previous years. For instance, in 2012, Facebook's annualized revenue per user stood at 5.32 U.S. dollars. The U.S. and Canada are two of the most important markets for the social network, as Facebook’s average revenue per user in these countries stood above the global average in 2018. In terms of advertising platforms, the shift from desktop advertising to mobile advertising is no longer a promise; it is a reality for Facebook. Mobile advertising has aggressively increased its share of Facebook’s total advertising revenue in the last few years, going from 11 percent in 2012 to 92 percent in 2018. An estimated of 34.35 billion U.S. dollars were generated in revenue from Facebook mobile advertising in 2016. These figures are expected to continue to grow in the coming years, with projections to pass the 60 billion U.S. dollars mark for the first time in 2021. According to forecasts, mobile sponsored stories ads is estimated to account for about half of this revenue; the social network's global mobile sponsored stories ad revenue is projected to reach almost 31 billion U.S. dollars by 2021. 
 In 2018, public debt in France represented 96.8 percent of the country’s GDP. According to the source, public debt in France is supposed to decrease in the upcoming years, while staying at a high level. The French Ministry of Economy has stated that the French public debt will normally reach 91.4 percent in 2022, compared to 96.8 percent in 2017. Since 2005, public debt in France is increasing making the country one of the most in debt of the European Union. A debt country Public debt, also known as national debt, appears to be the difference between what a government is receiving and spending in a year. It is the accumulation of annual budget deficits, which happened when the government was spending more than receiving. Public debt in France is increasing since 2007, while the debt interest expenditure amounted to more than 34 billion euros in 2017. Public deficit in France has reached a record level in 2009 and 2010 with more than 137 billion euros. France’s revenue and spending Most of French public debt is generated by the State, in comparison with the social security system and the regional and local authorities. The budget balance of the country has been negative for years and does not appear to reach a positive one in the future. France spends most of its budget on tax repayments and abatement, as well as on education and defense. In 2017, France’s government spent more than 1.29 trillion euros, whereas its revenue amounted to 1.23 trillion euros. Non-tax revenue collected by the state came in majority from dividends, while it collected 70 billion euros by levying taxes on income and 140 billion euros through VAT in 2016. 
 The revenue of Dell Technologies reached approximately 90 billion U.S. dollars in the 2019 fiscal year. Dell Technologies has three consecutive years of increasing net revenue, a welcomed change after nearly a half decade of decline, which was during a time of transition during which Dell was bought-out and privatized to recalibrate its business model. Dell’s transition in the IT industry Prior to 2013, Dell was a public company, with the bulk of its revenue made through PC sales. In 2013, after falling to a market share of just 10.4% of PC sales worldwide, founder and CEO Michael Dell bought out Dell for 24.4 billion U.S. dollars and made it private for a period of directional shift. In late 2018, Dell Technologies became a public company again. Reflecting the changing demands of digital transformation, the largest source of Dell Technologies’ revenue for fiscal year 2019 now comes from its Infrastructure Solutions business segment, which specializes in cloud and big-data solutions. Dell Technologies is the leading vendor worldwide both for cloud IT infrastructure and for storage systems.
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Switzerland from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2017, GDP in Switzerland amounted to around 680.03 billion US dollars. Economy and gross domestic product of Switzerland Switzerland’s gross domestic product has hardly been affected by the global economic crisis of 2008, if anything, figures have been increasing steadily. After a brief stint in the negative range in 2009, gross domestic product / GDP growth in Switzerland has been positive every year, with 2010 marking the most successful year since the crisis. Switzerland’s share in global GDP (adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity) however, has been declining continually for the past decade. All in all, Switzerland is a fairly wealthy country with a stable economy. This is reflected in its employment figures and national debt, as well as the abovementioned fact that Switzerland remained largely unaffected by the economic crisis. Additionally, Switzerland was first on a ranking of countries with the highest wealth per adult, with an average national wealth of more than 540 million US dollars per Swiss adult. Subsequently, Switzerland is also one of the leading countries with the highest rate of millionaires, which is probably due to Switzerland’s unequaled low tax rates. Switzerland’s economy is said to be highly competitive, its most important sector is manufacturing, with numerous large corporations being headquartered in the country. Main exports include chemicals, as well as precision watches and instruments. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Houston Texans from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Houston Texans was 71,793. 
 The statistic shows Germany's budget balance in relation to GDP between 2014 and 2018, with projections up until 2024. A positive value indicates a budget surplus, a negative value indicates a deficit. In 2018, Germany's budget surplus amounted to around 1.87 percent of GDP. 
 This statistic illustrates projections for the U.S. wheat harvested area from 2010/2011 to 2027/2028, measured in million acres. For crop year 2027/2028, the harvested area of wheat in the U.S. is projected to be some 38.9 million acres. 
 The statistic shows the sales of the leading power toothbrush brands in the United States in 2014. In that year, Sonicare Essence was the country's top selling power toothbrush brand with sales that amounted to about 39 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product growth rate in Canada from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Canada’s real GDP growth was around 1.88 percent compared to the previous year.Economy of Canada As an indicator for the shape of a country’s economy, there are not many factors as telling as GDP. GDP is the total market value of all final goods and services that have been produced within a country within a given period of time, usually a year. Real GDP figures serve as an even more reliable tool in determining the direction in which a country’s economy may be swaying, as they are adjusted for inflation and reflect real price changes. Canada is one of the largest economies in the world and is counted among the globe’s wealthiest nations. It has a relatively small labor force in comparison to some of the world’s other largest economic powers, amounting to just under 19 million. Unemployment in Canada has remained relatively high as the country has battled against the tide of economic woe that swept across the majority of the world after the 2008 financial meltdown, and although moving in the right direction, there is still some way to go for Canada. Canada is among the leading trading nations worldwide, owing to the absolutely vast supplies of natural resources, which make up a key part of the Canadian trading relationship with the United States, the country with which Canada trades by far the most. In recent years, around three quarters of Canadian exports went to the United States and just over half of its imports came from its neighbor to the south. The relationship is very much mutually beneficial; Canada is the leading foreign energy supplier to the United States. 
 The United States' travel and tourism industry directly contributed the largest amount to gross domestic profit (GDP) out of any country worldwide with a total contribution of 580.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. Comparatively, the ever-growing travel and tourism industry in China directly contributed the second largest sum to GDP. Meanwhile, Europe was home to half of the top 10 countries with the highest direct contribution to GDP globally (through travel and tourism). What is GDP? GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered an important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. 
 weden’s gross domestic product declined between 2008 and 2009, and then increased annually until 2018. The dip in 2009 was caused by the financial crisis in 2008. The decline in growth rate was 5.2 percent, compared to the previous year, which was the largest fall in the GDP growth rate in Sweden since the Second World War. Household consumption affects the GDP There are many factors affecting the gross domestic product of a country, and the household consumption is one important factor. The household consumption is regulated by the level of employment in the country, and the economics of the households. During the period from 2011 to 2017, both the level of employment and the annual household disposable income increased, which in turn generated a higher household consumption. Export of goods Another important factor influencing Sweden’s GDP is the export of services and goods. The export of services increased quicker than the exports of goods for several years, but the export of goods are still larger than the export of services. The commodity with the largest exported value in 2017 was machinery and transport equipment, which was valued at around 528 billion Swedish kronor. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender from 2012 to 2017. In 2012, 3.5 percent of adults surveyed stated they identify as LGBT, while in 2017, 4.5 percent of respondents said the same. 
 This statistic shows small business owners' responses to a survey question asked from 2010 to 2017, about increases in business revenue. In 2017, 38 percent of small business owners surveyed said revenue had increased in the last year. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Argentina from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 91.87 percent of Argentina's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the average costs for selected wedding items in the United States as of 2017, sorted by item. According to the source, average costs for a wedding in the United States amounted to about 33,391 U.S. dollars in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the leading cigarette brands in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2016, by total value of sales. The Sterling cigarette brand was the top selling cigarette brand in 2016, generating sales of approximately 1.51 billion British pounds. The most expensive country in which to purchase cigarettes in Europe is the United Kingdom (UK). Cigarette prices across Europe are driven by the respective taxes imposed within each of the member states and consist of a specific duty per 1,000 cigarettes and an ad valorem rate onto the recommended retail price, in addition to value added tax (VAT). Thus the highest rates of taxation are reflected in the retail prices. Similar rates of taxation between countries are also found for hand rolling tobacco, where the highest levels of taxation are found in the United Kingdom once again. Governments that impose such strong barriers to the purchasing of tobacco are considered 'nanny states', with high levels of control on other factors, such as advertising, bans of tobacco products on retail displays and graphic warnings on cigarette packs. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Bhutan from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Bhutan amounted to approximately 2.19 percent. 
 The statistic shows the projected internet usage penetration among the population in the United States from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 84.1 percent of the total U.S. population accessed the internet from anywhere via any device. 
 This statistics displays the revenue of the leading children's clothing retailers worldwide in 2016. In that year, the leading children's clothing retailer in the world was Carter's with a global revenue of approximately 2.86 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Swaziland, officially the Kingdom of Eswatini, from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Swaziland amounted to about 4.83 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the per capita consumption of chocolate in leading countries in Europe in 2015. Switzerland has the highest levels of chocolate consumption per capita at 19.8 pounds, followed by Gemany at 17.4 pounds. 
 In 2018, England was the leader in number of official golf courses in Europe with 1,888 out of 6,859 golf courses. Second and third come Germany and France with 730 and 607 official golf courses. The number of official golf courses in England is in decline. From 2014 to 2017 the number of official golf courses in England decreased from 1,929 to 1,888. This is in line with the slight decline in golf participation in England but also in Europe entirely from approximately 4.44 million registered golfers in 2010 to roughly 4.14 million in 2018. More people participate in golf than in tennis. In 2018, approximately 946 thousand people participated in golf at least twice a month in England. In comparison, approximately 840 thousand people participated in tennis. The most popular sport in the same year was running. Approximately 6.83 people participated in running in England. 
 This statistic shows the number of completed reports per investigation and alternative response worker in child protective services in the U.S. in 2018, by state. In 20178 investigation and alternative response workers in Vermont had an average of 61 cases. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in West Virginia from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, unemployment in West Virginia was 5.3 percent. 
 This statistic shows the per capita consumption of fresh grapes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh grapes amounted to approximately 1.56 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic provides information on the mobile payment security concerns in the United States in 2015. It was found that 25.1 percent of U.S. adults were afraid of getting their phone hacked or their data getting intercepted by someone. Mobile payment security – additional information Mobile payment, which refers to payment services via mobile devices, is a growing phenomenon all over the world. In 2014, mobile payments in the U.S. amounted to more than 51 billion U.S. dollars, with remote payments accounting for majority of the payment transactions. By 2019, this figure is expected to increase to more than 140 billion U.S. dollars. Proximity mobile payments in particular are considered one of the most successful types of mobile payments, as their transaction value is projected to reach 210 billion U.S. dollars by 2019. In terms of users, mobile payment is particularly popular between college-educated individuals. About 37 percent of mobile payment users in the U.S. have bachelor’s degree or higher. Americans between 30 and 44 years old are also more likely to use mobile payment. They account for nearly 40 percent of all mobile payment users in the U.S, while young users aged between 18 and 29 years old correspond to 35 percent of all users. Despite the popularity of mobile payment in the U.S. and market growth projections, there are still several security concerns about it. According a survey conducted by GfK, about 20 percent of American adults affirmed their main security concern in regards to mobile payment is the possibility of someone intercepting their payment information or other data, while about 13 percent feared their phones being hacked. Other common mobile payment security concerns amongst Americans are the possible misuse of information of companies, along with the possibility of losing their phone or having their phone stolen, and getting a malware or viruses. 
 This statistic shows the annual average Consumer Price Index for urban consumers in the United States of America in 2019, by region. In 2019, the CPI in the Western United States amounted to 270.35. The monthly inflation rate for the country can be accessed here and a projection of the annual inflation rate can be found here and the annual consumer price index for urban consumers in the U.S. can be accessed here. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Serbia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Serbian population was 40.5 years. 
 The age group with the largest number of individuals on the transplant waiting list in the U.S. in September 2019 was those aged 50-64 years. This age group had 49,303 patients waiting to receive transplants at that time. There is an extensive need for organ donations in the United States. Organ donations In the U.S. deceased donors can donate kidneys, liver, lungs, heart, pancreas and intestines. Living donors can donate one kidney, one lung or a portion of the liver, pancreas or intestine. Livers are one of the most frequently transplanted organs, followed by the kidneys. The most active kidney transplant centers in the United States are the UCLA Medical Center and Jackson Memorial with 366 patients per year. Organs were donated mostly from middle-aged U.S. adults. Among all age groups, those aged 35 to 49 years had the highest number of organ donors in 2019.Waiting lists The number of organ donors in the U.S. has increased dramatically since 1988. Despite such a dramatic increase in the number of donors, there is still a great need among U.S. patients. As of 2019, the organ with the most patients waiting for transplants in the U.S. was kidneys, followed by livers. Over 100 thousand patients were in need of a kidney at that time. 
 lululemon, the Canadian athletic apparel company, operated 64 stores across Canada in 2018. The number of stores has gradually risen over the survey period from 45 in 2013. lululemon origins Lululemon was founded in Vancouver in 1998 by Chip Wilson. Originally operating as a design and yoga studio, the company opened its first standalone store in 2000, selling yoga-inspired athletic apparel for both men and women. The company now sells its athletic product range in stores around the world and online. Despite originating in Canada, lululemon athletica now operates most of its stores within the United States. Company growthLululemon’s net revenue has witnessed steady growth over the past years. In 2018, their worldwide revenue reached approximately 3.29 billion U.S. dollars, almost a ten-fold increase since 2008. Around 90 percent of lululemon’s global revenue from 2018 was generated in North America, leaving around ten percent from stores and online purchases from the rest of the world. 
 In 2019, YouTube's advertising revenue accounted for approximately 9.4 percent of Google's total revenue. That year, the video platform's annual ad revenues amounted to 15.15 billion U.S. dollars, up from 11.16 billion U.S. dollars in the previous year. 
 There were 108,541 strong-arm robberies in the United States in 2018. A strong-arm robbery involves the perpetrator using a weapon (either real or fake) in combination with a threat of force in order to rob someone. Decreasing crime As with most crime in the U.S., the number of robberies has decreased since 1990. Despite views that crime is on the rise in the United States, statistics show that the violent crime rate has almost halved in the last 30 years. The number of robberies in the U.S. have more than halved from their peak in 1991. What you seize is what you get Despite the classic idea of a bank robbery, robberies are far more likely to take place in the street or on a highway rather than in a bank. Additionally, the robbery rate was highest in the District of Columbia in 2018, and lowest in Vermont. For the entire United States, the robbery rate stood at 86.2 per 100,000 inhabitants in that same year. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Hungary from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Hungary was at approximately 3.46 percent. 
 This statistic shows the top 25 countries in the world with the largest number of Muslim population in 2010. In 2010, there were about 176 million Muslims living in India. 
 This timeline shows online shopping transaction volume in South Korea from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the online shopping transactions totaled more than 113 trillion South Korean won, up from around 92 trillion won in the previous year. 
 In 2018 the population of the United Kingdom was estimated to be approximately 66.4 million. Compared with 1971 there has been a net increase of over 10.5 million people, with the UK population surpassing the 60 million mark in the year 2005. 
 This statistic shows the monthly amount of cars sold by MG in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2014 and December 2019. Peaks in registration numbers were recorded in March and September of each year, which was due to the issuing of license plates by the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in those months. From 2018 onward, MG monthly sales volume generally increased in comparison to the previous years. In December 2019, 1,700 new units had been sold, an increase of roughly 162 percent in comparison to the same month a year beforehand. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Tanzania from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 33.78 percent of Tanzania's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic displays the wholesale price of asparagus in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2015 and 2019. The wholesale price of asparagus was valued at 13 British pounds per kilogram in June 2019. 
 According to recent data, the rate of reported cases of chancroids in the U.S. has dropped to very few cases in recent years. There has been a significant decline in recent history with a high rate occurring of almost 3.3 cases per 100,000 people in 1950. Chancroids are a sexually transmitted infection (STI) caused by a bacterium and classified by genital ulcers. Sexually Transmitted Infections in the U.S. Recent data suggests that there are as few as 3 cases of chancroids in the U.S. annually. The number of chancroid cases has also been declining globally. Other STIs, such as syphilis have similarly been decreasing in the U.S. in modern history. However there are other STIs that are more common in the U.S. For example, the rate of chlamydia cases has increased dramatically in recent years.STI Prevention Some STIs are preventable through vaccination and condoms. A survey from 2018 indicated that just over half of U.S. female teenagers were up to date on their human papillomavirus vaccinations. Condoms, while known for their effectiveness in preventing sexually transmitted infections, are not used as frequently as public health officials would like. When U.S. male adults were asked about their usage of condoms in their last sexual encounter, less than half indicated that they had used a male condom. 
 In 2017, e-books accounted for 19 percent of all book sales in the United States, three percent less than in the previous year. This is due to e-book unit sales dropping from 180 million in 2016 to 162 million in 2017. In the latter year, the top-selling e-book was 'The Handmaid's Tale' by Margaret Atwood, a novel which has seen become a highly popular and successful TV series. 
 The statistic presents the most-played PC games on the online gaming platform Raptr in November 2015, by share of total time played. According to Raptr's blog, 4.82 percent of all time spent gaming on their platform in November 2015 was dedicated to playing World of Warcraft. In the fourth quarter of 2014, World of Warcraft gained more than 10 million subscribers, mostly owing to 'Warlords of Draenor' expansion release in November 2014. Data shows that WoW was also the second best selling PC game worldwide as of January 2017. 
 This statistic shows the annual growth rate of the real Gross Domestic Product of the United States from 1990 to 2019. Gross domestic product (GDP) refers to the market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period. The real GDP is adjusted for price changes, as inflation or deflation and is chained to the U.S. dollar value of 2012. The real GDP increased by 2.3 percent in 2019. According to the BEA, the deceleration in real GDP in 2011 primarily reflected downturns in private inventory investment, federal government spending, and a deceleration in exports that were partly offset by a deceleration in imports and an acceleration in nonresidential fixed investment. The annual GDP in current U.S. dollars can be found here. A projection of the annual inflation rate of the country can be accessed here. Also, see the US GDP for further information. The monthly inflation rate for the country can also be accessed here. Gross Domestic Product The Gross Domestic Product is the market value of all goods and services produced by labor and property within a country in a given period of time. Normally, the GDP is calculated on an annual basis and includes all private and public consumption, investments, government expenditure and net exports. The Gross Domestic Product is one of the main indicators in measuring a country’s standard of living. The real GDP, as shown in the above statistic, is compensates for changes in the value of the national currency, defined as inflation or deflation, which allows for the comparison of a country’s annual GDP over a longer period of time (i.e. several years or decades). In order to achieve this, the market value of all elements of the GDP for all shown years is chained to a preselected dollar value. In case of the U.S. real GDP, the data are chained to the 2012 U.S. dollar value to correct for inflation. The United States has by far the largest Gross Domestic Product of any single country on the globe. While China’s economy has grown rapidly to become the second-largest economy by GDP, China produces only half the market value of goods and services that the United States produces. 
 This statistic shows the incarceration rate in OECD countries, as of May 2019. The incarceration rate represents the number of people in prison per 100,000 of population. As of May 2019, the incarceration rate in the United States was 655 prisoners per 100,000 U.S. residents. Additional information on incarceration patterns between countries The relatively large population of the United States when compared with other OECD countries in conjunction with the country’s extremely high incarceration rate means that the United States houses more than one half of the global prison population. Recent attention has been focused on the number of people imprisoned for minor offences. As such, a large proportion of the United States prison population have been incarcerated for offences that would see them fined or punished through alternative means in other developed countries. Among this cohort are a significant number of people imprisoned for low-level drug related crimes. Critics have suggested that shifting policy toward drug rehabilitation for users and a focus on high level drug traffickers would have a positive societal effect whilst also lowering the country’s incarceration rate. When removing the outlier of the United States, a level of variance between countries is apparent. This variance in incarceration rates among OECD countries suggests cultural differences in societal views towards punishment and rehabilitation. The Scandinavian preference of rehabilitation and the subsequently higher level of investment in such programs have resulted in Denmark, Sweden, Norway and Finland ranking among those countries for whom the incarceration rate is the lowest. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in the United Arab Emirates from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 86.52 percent of United Arab Emirates' total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 With 60 percent of the market share, Engie Electrabel reached the highest market share of electricity supply in the Brussels-Capital Region. The Belgian daughter of the French multinational Engie was, therefore, leading the market in this region of Belgium in 2019. Lampiris was the second-largest supplier, holding a market share of 19 percent. In Belgium, the major electricity providers were Engie Electrabel, Lampiris, and EDF-Luminus. Belgian electricity providers face regional differences Belgium is a country where regions and language communities have strong identities. The market for electricity suppliers is therefore different from one region to another, thus the share of providers on a national scale being nonsensical. From a regional perspective, Electrabel was leading the market in Wallonia and Flanders. However, Luminus was the second-largest provider in both regions, outcompeting Lampiris. In Flanders, the third-largest electricity provider was Eneco, further surpassing Lampiris. In 2018, Belgium produced 74.6 terawatt-hours and registered an unstable production since 2001. The price of electricity in the Brussels-Capital region In 2018, the annual residential electricity bill reached 783 euros in the Brussels-Capital Region (based on a consumption of 3.500 kWh from a single meter with a low-voltage network). However, the invoice was heftier in Wallonia and especially in Flanders, where it reached over a thousand euros. The inhabitants of the Brussels-Capital Region were, therefore, paying the least for their electricity compared to other parts of the country. 
 During the 76th Golden Globes Awards ceremony the average cost of a 30-second TV commercial amounted to 720 thousand U.S. dollars. According to the source, a year earlier a 30-second spot cost 684 thousand U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the consumer demand for eco-friendly apparel in the United States in 2013. The survey revealed that 54 percent of the respondents think the customer appetite for eco-friendly apparel will grow. 
 Federally qualified health centers (FQHCs) are community-based health centers that are funded in part by HRSA, a sector of Medicare and Medicaid, to treat underserved patients in their communities. As of 2017 California had the largest number of community health centers with 177 centers throughout the state. North Dakota had the fewest number of community health centers with just 4 centers throughout the state. 
 This statistic illustrates the leading sixteen cities in Italy with the largest industry added value in 2008, as a share of the GDP. According to the study, the top two cities were located in Lombardy: the most industrialized city in Italy was Lecco, closely followed by Bergamo. In these areas almost half (46 and 45 percent, respectively) of the gross domestic product was generated by the industrial sector. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Jamaica from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Jamaica was at about 12.4 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Indianapolis Colts from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Indianapolis Colts was 61,110. 
 This statistic shows the smartphone penetration as share of the population in the United States from 2010 to 2021. In 2018, 69.6 percent of the U.S. population used a smartphone. Smartphone penetration in the U.S. - additional information Almost two-thirds of Americans are predicted to own a smartphone by 2017, more than a threefold increase since 2010. A smartphone is a mobile phone that uses an identifiable open Operating System (OS) and has more advanced computing capability and connectivity than a basic phone. The OS is supported by third party applications (commonly known as apps) written by the developer community. The operating system must be able to support a multitasking environment and user interface that can handle multiple applications at the same time. Two of the most popular operating systems on the market are made by Google (Android) and Apple (iOS) who had a combined stake of over 90 percent of the smartphone market share worldwide at the end of 2016. The popularity of the smartphone has risen immensely since Apple introduced its first iPhone in 2007, with 43.5 percent of all Americans forecast to own an iPhone by 2016. The first iPhone was notably different from other smartphones at the time because it used a large touchscreen for direct finger input, rather than the need for a stylus, keypad, or keyboard. The first smartphone to use the Android OS was the HTC Dream released in 2008. Although numbers of people using this OS were low at first, it has since grown to be the most used operating system, with an estimated 107.7 million Americans projected to own an Android phone by 2016. 
 This statistic displays the unemployment rate in Wisconsin from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, the unemployment rate in Wisconsin was at three percent. 
 This statistic shows the value of Scottish imports from the rest of the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2018. With the exception of 2001, 2010 and 2014, the value of UK imports has increased from 34.08 million in 2000 to approximately 64 million by 2018. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Nigeria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Nigeria amounted to about 13.04 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Scotland between April to June 2014 to October to May 2018, in three months intervals. The unemployment rate generally decreased over the period concerned from 6.3 percent in 2014 to 3.4 percent in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Madagascar from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Madagascar amounted to about 7.29 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Indonesia from 2017 to 2027. In 2017, 72.5 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 100.4 million mobile phone internet users. 
 Target had a total of 1,844 stores open throughout North America as of 2018. Target Corporation operates a chain of general merchandise stores, which offer a wide variety of general merchandise and food products to their customers. The company has operated primarily in the United States since its inception. Target Corporation is one of the most valuable retail brands in the world. The development of an American retail giant The company started out as the Dayton Dry Goods Company in 1902, later changing its name to the Dayton Company, but more commonly known as Dayton’s. The company was run under the Dayton-Hudson Corporation banner up until the year 2000, when it was renamed Target Corporation. The company spread across the United States and even entered the Canadian market for a brief period, but all of the company’s Canadian stores were closed in 2015. In 2018, Target had revenues amounting to approximately 75 billion U.S. dollars, making it one of the leading American retailers. What does Target sell? Target Corporation sells a wide range of goods, such as food, apparel, household essentials, and seasonal offerings, as well as many others. The company also sells products online, through target.com. Target’s sales share is quite evenly distributed, with no one product segment outpacing the others by any great margin. 
 This statistic shows the 2014 ranking of the top 10 price comparison sites used by online buyers in Spain. Booking and Trivago were ranked first and second with 13 percent and 12.9 percent respectively. The search of lodging has consolidated as the main purpose for Spanish users. 
 The statistic above presents data on the annual ticket sales at the North American box office from 2001 to 2018. In 2005, 1.38 billion tickets were sold at movie theaters in the U.S. and Canada. The figure stood at just over 1.3 billion tickets in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the electricity prices for household end users in Lithuania semi-annually from 2010 to 2019. In the second half of 2018, the average electricity price for households was 10.97 euro cents per kWh. 
 This statistic displays the reserves of the chemical element tungsten (also known as wolfram) worldwide in 2019, by country. In that year, China had the world's largest tungsten reserves, at some 1.9 million metric tons. 
 The timeline shows the total value of international U.S. exports of goods and services from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, the total value of international U.S. exports of goods and services amounted to 2.5 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of murders that involved firearms in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, about 85.23 percent of homicides were committed with use of firearms in Missouri. A ranking of the total number of murders by U.S. state can be found here. 
 The statistic shows the number of health and fitness clubs in Africa and Middle East countries in 2016. The number of health & fitness clubs in Kuwait was at 610 in 2016. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Iraq from 2004 to 2024. All figures have been estimated. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the estimated GDP per capita in Iraq amounted to around 5,881.52 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2017, the largest among the 20 administrative regions of Italy was Sicily, which at same time was also the biggest island in the country. On the other hand, the smallest region of Belpaese was Aosta Valley, located in the north on the border with Switzerland and France. The island of volcanoes The symbol of Sicily, Mount Etna, is one of the most active volcanos on the planet. But Etna is not the only phenomena of this kind on the territory. In fact, there are other five volcanoes in the region. Overall, there were nine active volcanoes in Italy in 2019: six in Sicily, two in Campania (Mount Vesuvius and Phlegraean Fields) and one in the area of Colli Albani in Lazio. Tourism in Sicily The island is also a well-known tourist destination in the country. In 2018, the province of Sicily which registered the highest number of tourist arrivals was Palermo. 
 A geographic analysis of the audience found that China accounted for 37.7 percent of internet users in Asia as of June 2018, followed by India with 25.4 percent. China's internet penetration reached 58.4 percent in that year. 
 This statistic shows the West Texas Intermediate oil price from 1976 to 2020, in U.S. dollars per barrel. In 2020, the preliminary average annual price of one barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude oil was 57.52 U.S. dollars. WTI is a relatively light crude oil, also called Texas light sweet. It is used as a benchmark for oil pricing. Prices of West Texas Intermediate are often listed in oil price reports, alongside other important oil markers, like UK Brent or the OPEC basket. Price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil WTI is a grade of crude oil also known as “Texas light sweet.” It is measured to have an API gravity of around 39.6 and specific gravity of about 0.83, which is considered “light” relative to other crude oils. This oil also contains roughly 0.24 percent sulfur, and is therefore named “sweet.” WTI is used as an oil pricing benchmark. WTI crude oil is also the underlying commodity of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange’s oil futures contracts. The price of other crude oils, such as UK Brent crude oil, the OPEC crude oil basket, and Dubai Fateh oil, can be compared to that of WTI crude oil. Since 1976, the price of WTI crude oil has increased dramatically, rising from just 12.23 U.S. dollar per barrel in 1976 to a peak of 99.06 dollars per barrel in 2008. The price per barrel in March 2016 was a monthly average of 33.18 U.S. dollars. The price of WTI is volatile, as a timeline of the monthly price development of West Texas Intermediate crude oil shows. The price of oil is controlled in part by limiting oil production. Prior to 1971, the Texas Railroad Commission controlled the price of oil by setting limits on production of U.S. oil. In 1971, the Texas Railroad Commission ceased limiting production, but OPEC, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries with member states Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and Venezuela among others, continued to do so. In 1972, due to geopolitical conflict, OPEC set an oil embargo and cut oil production, causing prices to quadruple by 1974. Oil prices rose again in 1979 and 1980 due to the Iranian revolution, and doubled between 1978 and 1981 as the Iran-Iraq War prevented oil production. A number of geopolitical conflicts and periods of increased production and consumption have influenced the price of oil since the 1980s. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Colorado from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 9.6 percent of Colorado's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic presents the value of global merger and acquisition deals in 2019, by target country. In that year, the value of M&A deals in the United States (target country), amounted to under 1.5 trillion U.S. dollars. The total value of mergers and acquisitions worldwide decreased in 2019 compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Cincinnati Reds from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 257 million U.S. dollars.The Cincinnati Reds are owned by Robert Castellini, who bought the franchise for 270 million U.S. dollars in 2006. 
 The statistic shows the number of kidnappings due to terrorism from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, a total number of 3,534 people were kidnapped as a result of terrorism. 
 The statistic depicts the total capital spending in the global semiconductor industry from 2010 to 2016 and shows a forecast through to 2020. In 2016, global semiconductor capital spending amounted to 70.57 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Nepal from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, about 19.74 percent of the total population in Nepal lived in cities. 
 This statistic displays the wholesale price of red peppers in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2015 to 2019. The wholesale price of red peppers was valued at 0.59 British pounds per kilogram in November 2019. 
 Between 2009 and 2019, the population of Maastricht increased, from just over 118,000 to roughly 121,600 inhabitants. This was just over ten percent of the total number of people living in the Limburg province, of which Maastricht is the capital. In 2019, Limburg’s population amounted to roughly 1.1 million inhabitants, making it the seventh province in the country based on population size. Largest cities in the Netherlands Although a sizable city for Dutch standards, Maastricht was not among the ten largest cities in the Netherlands in 2019. The capital of the Netherlands, Amsterdam, is the largest city in the country, with roughly 863,000 inhabitants, followed by Rotterdam and The Hague. Utrecht, Eindhoven, Tilburg, Almere, Groningen, Breda and Nijmegen are all larger than Maastricht as well. Leading university for international students Outside of the Netherlands, Maastricht is well-known for its research university, which attracts students from all over the world. Maastricht University has the largest number of international students of all institutes in the Netherlands, numbering roughly 9,200 in 2018/2019. According to the most recent figures, over half of Maastricht University’s students had roots outside the Netherlands – more than any other university in the country. 
 The statistic shows digital camera sales value worldwide from 2011 to 2016. In 2015, the digital camera market had a size of 19 billion euros. 
 The gender or sex ratio in China has been a contentious issue since the introduction of the one-child policy in 1979, intended to limit the population of the country. Although the policy is no longer in place, the population gender difference throughout the country is still evident. In 2018, ten to fourteen-year old children had the largest gender disparity of 118.62 males to every 100 females. Gender imbalance While the difference of gender at birth has been decreasing in the country over the past decade, China still boasts the world’s most skewed sex ratio at birth at around 114 males born for every 100 females as of 2018. That means there are about 30 million more men in the country than women. This imbalance likely came from the country’s traditional preference for male children to continue the family lineage, in combination with the population control policies enforced. Where does that leave the population? The surplus of young, single men across the country poses a risk for China in many different socio-economic areas. Some of the roll-on effects include males overrepresenting specific labor markets, savings rates increasing, consumption reducing and violent crime increasing across the country. However, the adult mortality rate in China, that is, the probability of a 15-year-old dying before reaching age 60, was significantly higher for men than for women. For the Chinese population over 60 years of age, the gender ratio is in favor of women, with more females outliving their male counterparts. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Chicago Bears of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to 3.5 billion U.S. dollars. The Chicago Bears are owned by the McCaskey family, who bought the franchise in 1920. 
 This statistic shows the estimated U.S. total and e-commerce figures of U.S. retail in the fourth quarter of 2010 to 2019. In the fourth quarter of 2010, the share of e-commerce in total U.S. retail sales was 4.6 percent and more than doubled in 2019, where e-commerce sales amounted to 11.5 percent of total retail sales in the holiday quarter. 
 This graph depicts the total revenue generated worldwide from sports media rights from 2006 to 2010 and corresponding revenue forecasts for the years 2011 to 2015. In 2006, total revenues from media rights were 21.81 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Serbia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Serbia's gross domestic product amounted to around 50.51 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the household income of Hispanic families in the United States from 1990 to 2018. The median income in 2018 was at 51,450 U.S. dollars for Hispanic households. 
 The statistic shows the revenue Everton FC generated from its jersey sponsorship deal from the 2009/10 season to the 2019/20 season. In the 2019/20 season, Everton FC received 9.6 million GBP from its jersey sponsor SportPesa. 
 This statistic shows the number of Twitter followers of the 2016 U.S. presidential candidates, as of September, 2016. As of September, 2016, Donald Trump had approximately 11.9 million Twitter followers. 
 What is the revenue of Bol.com? In 2018, net consumer sales on the online marketplace (including both the Netherlands and Belgium) were worth 2.1 billion euros, an increase of more than 32 percent to the previous year. Net consumer online sales are online sales including sales by third parties on the platform. Much like on Amazon, sales on the Dutch website can either come from the retailer itself, third parties or from a second-hand goods section. As of 2018, 36 percent of survey respondents in the Netherlands reported to use this second-hand part of the website. Bol.com and Coolblue are the Netherlands’ leading web shops One might expect Amazon to be the biggest online store in the Netherlands, as this company can be found all over the world and is active in multiple European countries. In a ranking based on revenue made by direct online sales, however, Amazon was believed to be only the seventh online retailer of the Netherlands. Bol.com topped the list, followed by electronics retailer Coolblue. The total revenue of this Rotterdam-based web shop was around 1.3 billion euros in 2018. The Dutch tend to do their online purchases domestically Compared to other European countries, Dutch consumers are less likely to buy online from foreign retailers. This might be caused by two reasons. First, the Bol.com brand (as well as the supermarket brand Albert Heijn, which have the same owner) is a household name in Dutch society and people are familiar with it. Another reason might be in the ease of use: like most Dutch online e-commerce retailers, Bol.com offers iDEAL (which allows Dutch shoppers to use their bank debit cards for online purchases) as a payment method. 
 This statistic shows the food and drink sales of cafeterias, grill-buffets and buffets in the United States from 2009 to 2017. Food and drink sales of cafeterias, grill-buffets and buffets in the U.S. were forecasted to reach 5.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the death rate for homicide in the U.S. from 1950 to 2017. In 1950, there were 5.1 deaths by homicide per 100,000 resident population in the United States. Homicides in the United States The term homicide is used when a human being is killed by another human being. Criminal homicide takes several forms, for example murder; but homicide is not always a crime, it also includes affirmative defense, insanity, self-defense or the execution of convicted criminals. Youth homicide is especially seen as a problem of urban areas, poverty, no adult supervision, involvement in drug and gang activities and school failure. Young men, aged 15-24 show the highest risk of being killed in the United States in 2008. There is a large difference between female and male 15-24 agers: about 20.1 male homicide deaths per 100,000 residents and 3.3 female homicide deaths per 100,000 residents were counted that year. Comparing regions around the world, Africa is the continent with the highest number of homicides in 2010. America is ranked second, with a homicide rate of 15.5 homicides per 100,000 of population. As of 2008, about 90 percent of homicide victims in the Unites States were male and only 10 percent of homicide victims were female. Whereas in Europe, about 27 percent of homicide victims were female and approximately 73 percent of homicide victims were male. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores for Olive Garden restaurants in the United States from 2007 to 2019. In 2019, the ACSI for Olive Garden restaurants in the U.S. was 79, down from 80 the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the budget balance in Spain from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. A positive value indicates a state surplus; a negative value, a state deficit. In 2018, the state deficit of Spain was at around 29.98 billion euros. 
 In 2017/18, the average number of dairy cows, otherwise known as the ‘national dairy herd’ size in the United Kingdom was approximately 1.9 million animals. The last three years have broken a downward trend that lasted from 2002/03 to 2013/14. However, the current herd size is still more than 300 thousand animals smaller than it was in 2002/03. UK milk production The modern dairy cow is especially bred for milk production. Even though the UK dairy herd in 2002/03 was bigger than the current herd, the current milk production surpasses the one in 2002/03 by a few hundred million liters of milk. This is reflected in an increased average milk yield per cow in the UK. UK Cheese productionCheese production in the UK is up. The last 4 years has consistently surpassed 400 thousand metric tons, amounting to 455 thousand tons in 2017/2018. By far the biggest attributor to UK production is cheddar cheese. Here we can see again a significant increase in the production in the last four years. 
 This statistic illustrates the total quarterly value of gross mortgage lending in the United Kingdom (UK) from the fourth quarter of 2018 to the third quarter of 2019. It can be seen that the value of gross mortgage lending reached an estimated value of approximately 70.4 billion British pounds as of the third quarter of 2019. 
 The Nordic countries, except Denmark, have strong restrictions on the sales of alcoholic beverages. In Norway, the government-owned alcohol retailer Vinmonopolet is the only company that can sell beverages containing an alcohol content higher than 4.75 percent. In recent years, the consumption of alcohol in Norway decreased, and in 2018, the per capita consumption of alcohol amounted to a volume of nearly 83 liters. Per capita consumption of beer Individuals aged 18 years and older are allowed to purchase beer in Norway. Though the consumption of alcohol decreased in the past years, the volume of beer consumed in the country remained stable from 2008 to 2017. By the end of this period, the amount of beer consumed per person was 50 liters. Retail beer (alcohol content of 3.7 to 4.7 percent) was most popular among Norwegians as the consumption volume reached a total of roughly 233 million liters in 2018. Per capita consumption of spirits In selected years from 1950 to 2017, the average volume of spirits consumed per capita in Norway overall decreased. It was lowest from 2015 to 2017, when the consumption volume was 2.6 liters per person. The legal drinking and purchasing age for beverages with an alcohol content higher than 22 percent is 20 years and older. 
 This statistic gives information on the share of internet users in Brazil in 2017, broken down by age group. In 2017, more than 88 percent of Brazilian internet users were between 18 and 19 years old. 
 This statistic displays the final consumption expenditure of households in the European Union on clothing and footwear in 2018, split by country. In the United Kingdom, households spent a total of 76.29 billion euros on clothing and footwear in 2018. 
 This statistic gives information on the mobile internet penetration in Japan from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, about 52 percent of the population in Japan accessed the internet from their mobile device. This figure is expected to grow to 57 percent in 2023. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Thailand from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 26.5 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 32.4 million mobile phone internet users. 
 This statistic shows the global revenue of the over-the-counter and nutritionals market from 2013 to 2021. In 2018, the global revenue of the OTC and nutritionals market is estimated to generate about 143 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenues of Air Products and Chemicals from 2009 to 2019. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. is a United States-based international corporation whose major business is selling gases and chemicals for industrial uses. In 2019, the company generated approximately 8.92 billion U.S. dollars of revenue. 
 This statistic displays the annual Alzheimer's disease mortality rate in the United States from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, the mortality rate due to Alzheimer's reached 37.3 deaths per 100,000 people. Scientists believe that early detection of Alzheimer's can be the best way to prevent or slow the course of the disease. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the World War II Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the World War II Memorial amounted to approximately 4.83 million in 2019. 
 This statistic displays the average issue readership trend of The Sun newspaper in the United Kingdom from 2003 to 2016. In the period from July to December 2015, the Sun's readership was 4.4 million individuals over 15 years in the UK. 
 This statistic shows the reasons for eating fast food in the United States as of August 2014. During the survey, 13.2 percent of respondents said that they ate fast food because they lacked other options. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Iran from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 74.9 percent of Iran's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows the growth rate of Australia’s real GDP from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, GDP in Australia grew by about 2.74 percent on the previous year.The recession-proof land down under GDP is one of the primary indicators used to gauge the state and health of a country’s economy. It is the total market value of all final goods and services that have been produced within a country in a given period of time, usually a year. GDP figures allow us to understand a country’s economy in a clear way. Real GDP, in a similar vein, is also a very useful indicator; this is a measurement that takes prices changes (inflation and deflation) into account, therefore acting as a key indicator for economic growth. The gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in Australia has, for sometime, been able to get a steady foothold in the somewhat shaky post-recession world, shaky, but far from catastrophic. The annual growth rate between the 2008 and 2009 financial years, for example, a time at which the world was brought to its proverbial knees, saw growth rates down under reach to 2.49 and 1.37 percent respectively on the previous years, whereas the GDP growth rate in the United States plummeted well into the minus zone. Australia, like all other capitalist nations, is at the mercy of international markets, and when the world economy takes a hit, it would be foolish to suggest it could emerge fully unscathed. However, Australia has earned some much deserved praise and attention owing to the fact that it has managed to remain recession-free for the past twenty years. This could be thanks to its abundance of raw materials, the Australian mining boom, the fact the recession came at a time of high commodity prices and, maybe most importantly, that just under a third of its exports go to China. 
 This survey details a distribution of the average number of hours spent on watching TV in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2015. During the survey, 18 percent of respondents said that they watched TV 6 to 10 hours per week. 
 This statistic represents the cement consumption growth in Western Europe from 2004 through 2019. Western Europe is estimated to consume around 1.1 percent more cement from 2015 to 2016. Cement is an important building material. 
 In 2019, there were estimated to be around .59 million deaths among those aged 60 years and younger due to diabetes in South East Asia. South America and Central America had the lowest number of diabetes-related deaths that year. Leading health problems worldwide In 2018, roughly one-fifth of adults worldwide stated diabetes was one of the biggest health problems facing people in their country. Over half of all adults stated that the most troubling problem was cancer. Other prevalent health issues mentioned that year were obesity, mental health, stress, and drug abuse. Diagnosed cancer in 2019 The United States had the highest prevalence of diagnosed cancer cases among adults in 2019. Roughly nine percent of the U.S. adult population suffered from cancer conditions. Brazil and China saw significantly lower cancer rates that year: two percent of Brazilian and one percent of Chinese adults had cancer in 2019. In the EU-5, and especially in Russia, cancer rates among women were significantly higher compared to their male counterparts. For other selected countries on the list, the distribution of diagnosed cancer by gender remained relatively stable. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Charlotte Hornets franchise from the 2004/05 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise is 240 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic illustrates the total unit shipments for core major appliances from 2005 to 2012 and forecasts up to and including 2017. For 2015 the Appliance Magazine projects total unit shipments of core major appliances to reach 42.9 million units. Unit shipments of major appliances in the U.S. - additional information An estimated 46.44 million major household appliances are forecast to be shipped across the United Sates in 2017. These core household appliances include cooking appliances such as gas and electric ranges, as well as laundry appliances, which include built-in and portable dishwashers. Refrigerators also fall into the category of major household appliances and they will account for an estimated 12 million units of the total shipments in 2017. Household appliance store sales in the United States have grown steadily in the last ten years and the figure for 2013 stood at just under 15.5. billion U.S. dollars. The import of households and kitchen appliances has grown at a similar rate and, in 2013, imports of such products came to a total of 23.4 billion U.S. dollars. The leading home appliance manufacturer in the United States in 2013 was Whirlpool, which held a market share of just under 40 percent. The Michigan-based company employs around 69,000 people across the globe and announced total revenue of 18.77 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. Whirlpool’s closest competitor in the U.S. market in 2013 was Swedish-owned Electrolux, which held a share of 24.2 percent. Electrolux’s revenue in the U.S. in 2013 came to 4.78 billion U.S. dollars, accounting for around 32 percent of the company’s total global sales. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Israel from 2017 until 2023. In 2019, the number of Facebook users in Israel is expected to reach five million, up from 4.8 million in 2017. 
 In 2028, the annual value of visitor exports is expected to reach 64.8 billion euros. The spending of international tourists in the country slightly decreased in 2016, after the terrorist attacks which took place in Paris and Nice respectively in 2015 and 2016. However, in 2017, France had the fifth largest international tourism expenditure worldwide. International tourism in France France is well-known as one of the most visited countries in the world. In 2017, there were more than 86 million foreign tourists arriving in the country, of which 68.3 million were European residents. That same year, the number of tourists in France coming from America increased by 6.7 percent, compared to 2016. Paris, as well as other regions like the French Riviera, attracted a lot of foreign tourists. In the French capital, the international visitor spending amounted to 13.05 billion US dollars, making Paris one of the leading cities in international visitor spending worldwide. Travel and tourism in France’s GDP The travel and tourism industry contribute significantly to France’s GDP. In 2017, its contribution reached 204.3 billion euros and the number is expected to increase in the coming years. This global trend should impact the entire French tourism sector. The total contribution of travel and tourism to employment in France, which generated approximately to 2.8 billion jobs in 2017, is predicted to increase by 2018. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in South Sudan from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2017, South Sudan's gross domestic product amounted to around 3.44 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, 95.2 million people were accessing the internet in Indonesia. This figure is projected to grow to almost 150 million in 2023. Internet usage in Indonesia With over 143.26 million internet users, Indonesia is one of the biggest online markets worldwide. As of June 2019, online penetration in the country stood at slightly over 50 percent. Popular online activities include mobile messaging and social media. The most popular social network in Indonesia is Facebook with 81 percent of the online populatioin using the platform. Mobile internet usage is undergoing double-digit growth rates and currently stands at over 30 percent among the population. Internet freedom Indonesia was listed as “partly free” in the Freedom on the Net index, which places the country ahead of less free Asian online markets such as China, Thailand or Malaysia but behind Japan, South Korea and the Philippines. This rating is due to blocked political and social content as well as various restrictions and violations of user rights, most notably through the governmental passing of the Law on Information and Electronic Transactions (ITE Law). The ITE law holds strong penalties such as prison sentences and high fines for anybody convicted of online defamation charges. This law has also been applied to blog posts and Facebook comments and has lead to self-censorship among online writers and internet users as well as an increasingly tense online atmosphere. 
 Donald Cerrona is leading the Ultimate Fighting Championship (UFC) in most knockdowns landed as of March 2020, followed by Anderson Silva and Jeremy Stephens, both with 18 knockdowns during UFC fights. At the same point in time George St-Pierre holds the record for most takedowns in the UFC with a total of 90 and also the most strikes landed, with 2,591 landed strikes during UFC fights. 474 UFC fight in 2018 In 2018, a total of 39 UFC events were hosted around the world featuring 474 fights. The highest live attendance in 2018 was at UFC Fight Night 136 – Hunt vs Oleinik with 22,603 ringside spectators and the highest attendance to date was at UFC 193 – Rousey vs Holm in 2015 with 56,214 attendees. Pay-Per-View In 2017, the UFC was among the 10 most valuable sports business brands worldwide which is in part thanks to its’ Pay-Per-View (PPV) business model. The average number of PPV buys has fluctuated over the years, standing at an average of 447 thousand buys per event in 2018. The most successful event in terms of PPV buys was UFC 229 – Khabib vs McConor in 2018 with roughly 2.4 million buys. 
 This statistic shows the average house price of a terraced house built between 1919 and 1945 in the United Kingdom (UK) from the first quarter of 2011 to the fourth quarter of 2015. In the quarter ending June 2015, the average price was 224,567 British pounds (GBP). 
 This graph depicts the value of the New Orleans Pelicans franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.22 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the number of active physicians in Alabama as of March 2019, sorted by specialty area. In that year, there were 602 anesthesiologists active in Alabama. Thus, this was one of the three largest specialty groups in Alabama. 
 This statistic shows the number of households in the United States in 2019, by type. In 2019, about 83.48 million family households were counted in the United States. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality in Japan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality in Japan was at about 1.8 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This graph shows the distribution of system RAM among users of the Steam gaming platform as of October 2019. At that time, 35.48 percent of users had 16 GB of RAM. 
 This statistic shows AstraZeneca's research & development expenditure as a percentage of its total revenue from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the company invested over 28 percent of its revenue into research and development. AstraZeneca plc is one of the top 10 pharmaceutical companies worldwide. The multinational company is headquartered in London, UK. AstraZeneca is focused on products for following major disease areas: cancer, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, infection, neuroscience, respiratory and inflammation. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Israel from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the population of Israel was 30.2 years. 
 This statistic depicts the forecast export volume of pork worldwide in 2020, by leading country. The estimated pork exports of the United States were amounted to approximately 3.22 million metric tons in 2020. 
 The statistic shows the 30 largest countries in the world by area. Russia is the largest country by far, with a total area of about 17 million square kilometers. Population of Russia Despite its large area, Russia - nowadays the largest country in the world - has a relatively small total population. However, its population is still rather large in numbers in comparison to those of other countries. In mid-2014, it was ranked ninth on a list of countries with the largest population, a ranking led by China with a population of over 1.37 billion people. In 2015, the estimated total population of Russia amounted to around 146 million people. The aforementioned low population density in Russia is a result of its vast landmass; in 2014, there were only around 8.78 inhabitants per square kilometer living in the country. Most of the Russian population lives in the nation’s capital and largest city, Moscow: In 2015, over 12 million people lived in the metropolis. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Canada from 1960 to 2018. In 2018, the GDP of Canada was 1.71 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the glass and glass product manufacturing gross output in the United States from 1998 to 2016. In 2016, the gross output in this sector came to around 26.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the trade volume of butter imported to the United States from 2013 to 2019. In 2019, butter imports to the U.S. came to 66 thousand metric tons. 
 In the fall semester 2017, 345,496 students were registered in universities and other higher education institutions in Sweden. Since 2000, the number of individuals in Sweden with an upper secondary education increased, while the individuals without decreased. In 2017, 21.7 percent of the female population had an upper secondary education degree of three years and 24.9 percent of the male population. Financial aid for studies Sweden as a long tradition of state financial aid for students. Swedish students can apply for both student grants and loans at a low interest rate, or apply only for subsidies but no loans. The financial aid for students is managed by the Swedish Board of Student Finance (CSN). In 2017, little over 171 thousand students in Sweden received both subsidies and loans. Highest rent per square meter in Stockholm The highest number of students registered during the fall semester 2017 were registered at Stockholm University, ranked among the world’s top 100 universities and located in the Swedish capital, which is also the largest city in Sweden. 
 This statistic shows the amount of prisoners under sentence on 31st of March, 2019, by length of sentence. There were a total of 82,634 prisoners under sentence in England and Wales on this date, the largest share of whom, 34,753 ,were serving sentences of four or more years. 
 This statistic presents the worldwide Instagram follower growth from January to June 2019, sorted by profile size. During the measured period, accounts with 1,000 to 10,000 followers increased their followers on average by 12.6 percent. 
 This statistic shows outbound visitor growth in Africa from 2018 to 2022. In 2018, outbound visitor numbers from Africa grew by 6.1 percent over the previous year. The visitor number was forecast to grow by approximately four percent in 2022. 
 This statistic presents the average network size of teenage Instagram users in the United States. During the March 2015 survey, it was found that 11 percent of respondents had 101 to 200 followers on the social network. The U.S. teen average was 150 followers. According to a February 2015 survey, 59 percent of U.S. teens accessed the social network. 
 This statistic provides information on the penetration of Facebook in Vietnam from 2017 to 2023. In 2019, it is expected that 45 percent of the population in Vietnam will be also accessing the social network. 
 This graph shows the reported robbery rate in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the nationwide rate was 86.2 cases per 100,000 of the population. 
 The statistic shows the most expensive flood disasters in the United States from 1978 to January 2019, by National Flood Insurance Program payouts. The payouts of the National Flood Insurance Program as a consequence of damage caused by floods following Hurricane Harvey in August 2017, amounted to almost nine billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the net income/loss of Deutsche Bank from the fourth quarter of 2015 to the fourth quarter of 2019. In the fourth quarter of 2019, Deutsche Bank reported a net loss of approximately 1.48 billion euros. 
 The statistic shows Japan's national debt from 2014 to 2017 in relation to gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the national debt of Japan amounted to about 234.99 percent of the gross domestic product. An eye on Japan’s national debt Japan’s national debt ranks first among countries with the highest debt levels in the world, far surpassing the debt levels of Greece - which ranks number two - whose financial crisis has been in the spotlight recently. Italy is third, followed by Jamaica, Lebanon and Enritrea. Currently, Japan’s national debt amounts more than a thousand trillion yen and the country’s debt is predicted to keep rising for the foreseeable future, albeit only slightly. Japan’s national debt is not without consequence for the global economy, because the country claims the fourth-largest share in global gross domestic product. Therefore, the effects on the global economy would and could have a much greater global impact than that of a country such as Greece - considering its share of the global economy adjusted for purchase power parity was less than 0.29 percent in 2011. The debt levels of China, the United States and India should also be watched closely as they together make up the largest share of global GDP. At the moment, Japan’s inflation rate is among the lowest in the world, but as Japan attempts to reduce its national debt, this could change. 
 This graph depicts the worldwide TV viewership of selected sporting events in 2009 and 2010. The handball World Cup final had a worldwide viewership of 17 million. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Syria from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Syria was at about 14 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows Saudi Arabia's ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Saudi Arabia's ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) amounted to 36.58 percent. 
 This graph shows the real value added to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of North Carolina in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the construction industry added around 16.67 billion chained 2012 U.S. dollars of value to the state GDP. 
 This statistic shows the total number of students enrolled in Canadian colleges in 2017/18, by age group. In the academic year 2017/18, around 272,868 students aged between 20 and 24 years were enrolled in Canadian colleges. 
 This statistic displays the revenue of the fastest-growing private specialty pharmacies in the United States, sorted by revenue in 2018. During this year, Benzer Pharmacy, founded in 2009, generated over 352 million U.S. dollars in revenue. 
 The statistic represents global energy-related carbon dioxide emissions between 1975 and 2019. Globally, 17.78 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide was emitted in relation to energy in 1980. Energy-related emissions stabilized in 2019 when emissions reached 33.3 billion metric tons, following two consecutive years of increases in greenhouse gas emissions. Global carbon dioxide emissions – additional informationIn 2016, carbon dioxide emissions from fuel combustion totaled some 32.3 billion metric tons. The volume of global energy-related carbon dioxide emissions has steadily risen over the last decade, from 28.7 billion metric tons in 2009 to 33.3 billion metric tons in 2019. However, the rate of increase has slowed down in the last few years, but has still reached a historic high in the last year. From 2013 to 2016, there had been evidence of a global decoupling of greenhouse gas emissions from economic growth. It has been suggested that the immense addition of new renewable energy capacity has been critical for reducing emissions growth. In the recent past, a decrease or relatively unchanged volume of emissions has only been seen during economically weak periods, such as during the 2009 recession. Both the United States and China, two of the largest emitters in the world, registered a decrease in carbon dioxide emissions in 2015. In China, a reduction in coal consumption has enabled an economic restructuring towards less energy-intensive industries and an emphasis on renewable resources. However, the decrease in emissions from these two countries was largely offset by other developing Asian countries and the Middle East, as well as increased emissions in Europe. Carbon dioxide emissions worldwide were primarily emitted by the Asia Pacific region, which reported more emissions in 2018 than North America (6.04 billion metric tons) and Europe (4.21 billion metric tons) combined. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Indianapolis Colts, franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Indianapolis Colts was 393 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the unit sales of alpine ski equipment in the U.S. snow sports market from the 2010/11 season to the 2015/16 season. In the 2015/16 season, around 2.56 million alpine ski equipment units were sold. 
 This statistic presents the most popular mobile apps in South Korea as of December 2014, based on traffic volume. During the survey period, it was found that Facebook accounted for 20 percent of all mobile app traffic. Local p2p tv app AfreecaTV was ranked second with a 16 percent traffic share. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Chile from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 87.56 percent of Chile's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic presents the landings of the seafood industry in the United States in 2018, by state. According to the report, fish landings in Mississippi amounted to about 320.3 million pounds that year. 
 The statistic shows the net income of Swiss-based pharmaceutical company Roche from 2007 to 2019. Roche is one of the largest global pharmaceutical companies. In 2019, Roche reported approximately 14.1 billion Swiss francs of net income. 
 This statistic depicts the price of premium hand rolling tobacco (per 50gram) across Europe as at April 2016. Hand rolling tobacco was substantially more expensive in the United Kingdom with retail figures at 19.65 British pounds. 
 This statistic represents the percentage of foreign-born population in the United States in 2018, by state. As of 2018, about 26.9 percent of California's population were born in a foreign country. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Saskatchewan from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Saskatchewan's GDP was 82.16 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 This statistic shows the Cumulative value of games market mergers and acquisitions (M&A) worldwide from 2010 to 2016. In 2015, based on the values of disclosed transactions, the industry's M&A deals amounted to 4.36 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Indonesia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Indonesia was at 16.15 percent. 
 This graph depicts the total regular season home attendance of the Cleveland Browns franchise of the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the regular season home attendance of the franchise was 539,448. 
 In 2018, Italian households spent approximately 51 billion euros on clothing. According to OECD data, from 2008 to 2018 the total consumption expenditure on clothing of Italian households fluctuated between 50 billion and 55 billion euros. Comparing this figure with the consumption expenditure in other European countries reveals the importance of this product category for Italians: French households, for example, spent in total only 36 billion euros on clothing in 2016. Clothing manufacturing is struggling in Italy Italy is home to some of the most famous fashion companies in the world. However, with the exception of the most successful brands, the clothing manufacturing sector appeared to be struggling in the last years. As a matter of fact, the number of Italian apparel manufacturing companies decreased steadily since 2011. Consequently, the number of people employed in the sector also experienced a significant decrease. Exports don’t suffer Italian clothes are appreciated abroad. Despite the stagnation on the domestic market, Italian clothing manufacturers are focusing on foreign markets: the value of clothes exported from Italy increased from 13.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2000 to 23.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. In particular, the most famous brands generate most of their revenues abroad. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Ecuador from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, the unemployment rate in Ecuador was at 3.69 percent. 
 The statistic depicts the operating income of the New York Yankees from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, the operating income of the New York Yankees franchise amounted to 29 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenue generated by HPE through their software division each year from 2008 to 2016. In 2016, the software division produced revenue of approximately 3.2 billion U.S. dollars. On September 1, 2017, HPE completed the separation and merger of software business segment with Micro Focus. 
 This statistic displays the wholesale price of cherries in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2014 to 2017. The wholesale price of cherries was valued at 3.17 British pounds per kilogram in August 2017, an decrease on the price in August 2016. The source notes high volatility for weekly prices. 
 In 2017, Amazon's market share of the U.S. e-commerce retail market was 37 percent, and this is expected to increase significantly by 2021. As of the date of survey it has been projected that Amazon's market share will account for 50 percent of the entire e-commerce retail market's gross merchandise volume (GMV). Amazon’s e-commerce dominance Amazon is the leading online retailer in the United States, offering a wide range of shopping products and services to its customer base. One of the company’s not-so-secret-weapons to increase customer spending is Amazon Prime, a subscription membership that includes free and faster shipping options as well as streaming music and video. As of December 2018, 62 percent of Amazon’s customers in the United States were Amazon Prime members. This is relevant to Amazon’s success as a company, as Prime members are highly engaged shoppers who spend more than double the amount of non-Prime members on the platform per year. The most popular shopping categories of Amazon Prime members are electronics, apparel and home and kitchen items. Amazon Prime Day In 2015, Amazon launched its one-day members-only shopping event Prime Day, ostensibly to celebrate the 20th anniversary of Amazon's founding. However, this Prime-exclusive event has turned into one of the company’s biggest shopping days, rivaling traditional holiday shopping juggernauts Black Friday and Cyber Monday in terms of sales. In 2018, Amazon Prime Day sales amounted to 4.19 billion U.S. dollars and on Prime Day, shopper conversion was much higher than the average rate of the preceding quarter. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Vietnam from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 33.1 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 48.6 million mobile phone internet users. 
 The statistic illustrates the global ultrabook shipments from 2011 to 2016. In 2011, there were 3.7 million ultrabooks shipped worldwide. Ultrabooks are forecast to account for 42.7 percent of global notebook PC shipments in 2015, up from just 1.8 percent in 2011. In 2012, Apple's Mac Book Air shipments will amount to 8.4 million devices. With estimated combined sales of 4.2 million ultrabooks in 2012, Hewlett-Packard and Lenovo aren't likely to come close to Apple. 
 This survey illustrates the results of a survey among Indian people regarding their opinion on arranged marriage, as of August 2012. In today's India, 74 percent of the respondents approve of arranged marriage and prefer it to freely chosen marriage. 
 This statistic displays the capacity of selected leading cement producers worldwide as of 2017. In April 2014, the merger of Swiss company Holcim and French company Lafarge was announced. With 220 cement plants and a production capacity of some 345.2 million metric tons in 2017, the relatively new company is the largest cement producer worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Bahrain from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Bahrain was at approximately 0.97 percent. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Memphis Grizzlies franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2017/18 season. In 2017/18, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 213 million U.S. dollars. Memphis Grizzlies - additional information The Memphis Grizzlies are a professional basketball team that is part of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise first joined the league as an expansion team in 1995 and was located in Vancouver from its inauguration up to 2001 when it was relocated to Memphis. The team plays its home games at the FedExForum, which has a capacity of about 18 thousand for basketball games. In the 2012/13 season, the average attendance at home games of the Memphis Grizzlies was 16,624. The total attendance at these games over the course of the season was at 680 thousand. Tickets to Grizzlies games cost 30 U.S. dollars on average in 2013/14, more than 20 U.S. dollars below the league-wide average ticket price of 52.5 U.S. dollars. NBA games in Memphis were amongst the most affordable throughout the league with aforementioned ticket prices. The Grizzlies also ranked 28th out of 30 teams on Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index, which takes into account the costs for tickets, concession stands, merchandise and parking at the arena. Only games of the New Orleans Hornets and the Charlotte Bobcats were less expensive. In its valuation of NBA teams, Forbes ascribes the Memphis Grizzlies a franchise value of 453 million U.S. dollars. In terms of revenue the Grizzlies rank near the bottom of the league with 126 million U.S. dollars in annual revenue (2012/13). The average revenue per team was at about 152 million U.S. dollars in 2012/13. 
 The time series shows Electronic Arts' quarterly net income or loss from the third quarter of the fiscal year 2010 to the second quarter of the fiscal year 2020. In the second quarter of 2020 (spanning between July to September 2019) the video game publisher reported a net income of 854 million U.S. dollars. Here you can find information about EA's quarterly revenue. 
 The production volume of spices amounted to over 940 thousand metric tons in the state of Rajasthan in fiscal year 2019, making it the largest producer across India. Gujarat followed with Andhra Pradesh ranking third. The country's total spice production amounted to over 9.1 million metric tons that same year. 
 This timeline depicts the U.S. merchant wholesalers' gross margin on apparel, piece goods, and notions from 2000 to 2014. In 2014, the gross margin on apparel, piece goods, and notions in U.S. wholesale was 52.49 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic illustrates the growth of Amazon's Simple Storage Service (S3) since the fourth quarter of 2006. As of the second quarter of 2013, Amazon S3 had stored more than two trillion objects, up from 1 trillion objects in the previous year. 
 In 2019, the education and health services industry employed the largest number of people in the United States. That year, about 35.89 million people were employed in the education and health services industry. Education and Health Services Industry Despite being one of the wealthiest nations in the world, the United States has started to fall behind in both education and the health care industry. Despite spending the most amount of money in both these industries, the United States still does not see their desired results in comparison to other nations. Furthermore, in the education services industry, there was a relatively significant wage gap between men and women. Men earned about 1,128 U.S. dollars per week on average, while their female counterparts only earned 945 U.S. dollars per week. Employment in the U.S. The 2008 financial crisis was a large-scale event that impacted the entire world, especially the United States. The economy started to improve after 2010, and the number of people employed in the United States has been steadily increasing since then. However, the number of people employed in the education sector is expected to slowly decrease until 2026. The overall unemployment rate in the United States has significantly decreased since 2010 as well. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Charlotte Hornets games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 29.10 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Bulgaria from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Bulgarian population was 43.4 years. 
 The graph presents the gender gap index in Peru from 2014 to 2018. In 2018, Peru scored 0.72, which shows a gender gap of approximately 28 percent (women are 28 percent less likely than men to have equal opportunities). That same year, the gender gap in the area of political empowerment in Peru amounted to 72 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Bosnia & Herzegovina from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Bosnia & Herzegovina increased by about 1.42 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of offshore wind farm projects under construction in leading wind power countries as of October 2019. There were two wind farm projects under construction in Germany. Higher wind speeds that occur offshore in comparison to land, allows for a higher supply of electricity from offshore wind energy. 
 The statistic shows the value of smartphone sales in China from 2013 to Q1 2018. In Q1 2018, the revenue from smartphone sales in China amounted to 41.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the an estimate of drone spending worldwide, from the 2017 fiscal year to fiscal year 2021, by select country. The United States is projected to spend about 17.5 billion U.S. dollars on drones between 2017 and 2021, making it the country with the greatest expenditure on drones. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Edmonton Oilers from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Edmonton Oilers amounted to 154 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic displays the proportion of individuals who currently smoke cigarettes, cigars, cigarillos or a pipe in selected European countries in 2017. In this period, Greece had the highest proportion of smokers in the EU with 37 percent. Cigarette prices differ across Europe: the most expensive country in which to purchase cigarettes is the United Kingdom (UK). Cigarette prices in Europe are driven by the respective taxes imposed within each of the member states and consist of a specific duty per 1,000 cigarettes and an ad valorem rate onto the recommended retail price, in addition to value added tax (VAT). Thus the highest rates of taxation are reflected in the retail prices. Similar rates of taxation between countries are also found for hand rolling tobacco, where the highest levels of taxation are found in the United Kingdom once again. Governments that impose such strong barriers to the purchasing of tobacco are considered 'nanny states', with high levels of control on other factors, such as advertising, bans of tobacco products on retail displays and graphic warnings on cigarette packs. 
 The statistic presents the total assets of the Bank of America from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the total assets of the bank of America amounted to approximately 2.35 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total population of the Ukraine from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of the Ukraine amounted to approximately 42.04 million inhabitants. 
 This graph shows the real value added to the Gross Domestic Product (GDP) of Illinois in 2018, by industry. In 2018, the mining industry added 2.82 billion chained 2012 U.S. dollars of value to the state GDP. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Malawi from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Malawi was at about 35.3 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the total consumption of paper and board in the United States from 2006 to 2016. In 2015, the total consumption of paper and board in the United States amounted to 77.44 million tons. 
 This statistic shows the annual salaries of heads of state and government leaders in selected countries in 2010*. U.S. President Barack Obama earned 400,000. U.S. dollars in 2010. 
 This statistic shows the average age of employees of in the hospitality and tourism sector in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2011, by occupation. On average, restaurant and catering establishment managers were 39 years old. 
 The statistic shows U.S. consumer opinions on Amazon in general as of March 2017. As of the Statista survey, 67 percent of survey respondents stated that they liked using Amazon. A third of respondents also stated that Amazon was an integral part of their life. 
 This statistic displays the preferred book types (fiction versus non-fiction) among respondents in England in 2013. Of respondents, 26 percent said they preferred fiction, while 44 percent reported liking a mixture of fiction and non-fiction. 
 The statistic shows the number of operable nuclear reactors as of June 2019, by country. In the United Kingdom, 15 nuclear power reactors were in operation as of this time. Operable nuclear reactors are those connected to the grid. Number of operable nuclear power plants by country In 1954, history was made when nuclear fission technology was approved for commercial purposes and the first nuclear power plant started operation in the Russian city of Obninsk. For the first time, it was possible to meet the demand of an increasingly energy-thirsty world – at a reasonable price, too. The new energy proved to be an extremely reliable and stable form of electricity. Since nuclear power plants are only shut down for refuelling every two years or so, they provide an around-the-clock “baseload” supply of power to the people. In nuclear fission, uranium atoms are split apart into lighter elements. Uranium is a radioactive metal that is extracted from mines, mainly in Kazakhstan, Canada and Australia. After the uranium splitting process, the used fuel elements are still radioactive and have to be stored in nuclear waste repositories or spent fuel pools. These sites are often underground and require thick metal or concrete walls to shield the public from radiation. In the past, several accidents at nuclear power plants - including Three Mile Island, Chernobyl and Fukushima -have shown just how dangerous radioactivity is, once it is released into the environment. Currently, there are 450 nuclear reactors in operation in some 30 countries around the world. One of the largest plants is situated in France, where about 70 percent of total electricity generation was derived from nuclear sources in 2018. In 2011, the alliance between General Electric and Hitachi was ranked as the third largest maker of nuclear reactors, behind France’s Areva and Russia-based Rosatom. The nuclear power plant market was sized at around 30 billion US dollars in 2011, and is expected to exceed 50 billion US dollars by 2030. In 2050, global nuclear power capacity is projected to reach 516 gigawatts. 
 Since 2005, the United Kingdom’s demand for electricity has been in decline, and by 2018 had fallen to a low of 352,064 gigawatt-hours. This is despite the population of the United Kingdom increasing by approximately five million people during this time. Some factors for this decline are energy efficiency regulations, energy-efficient lighting and changing consumer habits. Household electricity consumption In 2017, the average domestic electricity consumption per household varied from region to region. Consumption was highest in the South West of England with an average of 4,279 kilowatt hours, and lowest in the North East. Electricity generation in decline As with electricity demand, electricity generation has also been decreasing. In 2018, the amount of electricity generated by the United Kingdom fell to the lowest levels since 1994. Although electricity generation has been in decline, renewable generation has increased significantly. Projections for the year 2035 estimate renewable sources will account for 48 percent of all electricity generation. By 2030, the use of coal is expected to have been phased out. 
 The graph shows the number of doctoral degrees earned in higher education in the United States in 2017/18, distinguished by ethnicity. In 2017/18, about 707 doctoral degrees were earned by American Indian or Alaskan Native students. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Los Angeles Dodgers franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 3.3 billion U.S. dollars.In March 2012, a group (Guggenheim Baseball Management) including former Los Angeles Lakers star Magic Johnson has agreed to buy the Los Angeles Dodgers franchise for two billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age the population of Myanmar was 27.5 years. 
 The comedy YouTube channels of Cyprien and Norman fait des vidéos were the two leading Youtube channels in France as of October 2017. At that time, Cyprien recorded 11.39 million subscribers, while Norman fait des videos ranked in second with 9.88 million followers. YouTube’s success storys Beside music channels, most of the YouTube channels in this ranking are comedy channels moderated by young adults around topics regarding everyday life situations and problems of younger generations, as well as joking about the adult life from a Millennial perspective. These YouTubers have contributed to the professionalization of YouTube video-making, going from self-made clips at home to sponsored videos. Other channels like that of Rémi Gaillard are pranks channels, well known for his provocation style of humor. YouTube usage in France Already in 2015, 40 percent of young Internet users in France stated to use YouTube everyday or almost daily. As of 2019, a survey shows that 20 percent of French respondents used YouTube daily, an increase of four percentage points since 2018. According to Médiamétrie’s estimates of social media usages among French, 70 percent of the time spent watching YouTube videos was on a mobile device. 
 This statistic ranks the most popular TV genres in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2013. As of October 2013, drama programs were most popular among survey respondents, at 58 percent. 
 This statistic shows the main export partners of Germany as of 2017. That year, Germany's main export partner were the United States with a 8.8 percent share in Germany's total exports. 
 The Banco Santander group saw a two-year increase in employment between 2016 and 2018 before dropping in 2019. There were approximately 187 thousand people employed by Banco Santander group globally in 2012. As of 2019 the total number of global employees at the Banco Santander group reached almost 199.5 thousand employees. Europe’s largest banks in employment The Banco Santander group is the fifth largest bank in Europe in terms of total assets. In 2018, Europe’s largest bank HSBC employed approximately 235 thousand employees worldwide. France’s largest bank, and Europe’s second largest bank (assets) BNP Paribas employed only slightly more staff than Banco Santander. Santander’s standings in Europe As of May 2019, the Spanish giant was the second largest bank in Europe for market capitalization, had the fourth highest market share in gross mortgage lending and in tier one capital. Banco Santander leads in Europe in terms of financing of FinTech companies as the company looks to be embracing digital start-ups and disruptors to lead the bank into a digital future. External links: 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Bangladesh from 2007 to 2017 The fertility rate is the average number of children borne by one woman while being of child-bearing age. In 2017, the fertility rate in Bangladesh amounted to 2.06 children per woman. 
 In 2019, the unemployment rate of African Americans in the United States stood at 6.1 percent. This was over 1.6 times the national average of 3.7 percent. The high rate of unemployment There are many reasons why the unemployment rate among minorities is different than the national average. When it comes to African Americans, a large part of this is due to historical events, such as slavery and the struggle for civil rights, as well as the number of black families living below the poverty level. Additionally, in 2017, for every 100,000 of the population, there were 2,336 black men in prison. This high rate of imprisonment can contribute to the unemployment rate for African Americans, since having been in prison can reduce one’s chances of finding a job once released. Earning differences African Americans also make less money than other ethnicities in the United States. In 2018, the median weekly earnings of African Americans were 694 U.S. dollars, compared Asians, who made 1,095 U.S. dollars per week, and whites, who made 886 U.S. dollars per week. While the African American unemployment rate may be the lowest it has ever been, it is clear that much has to change in order to achieve full equality. 
 This statistic shows the rate of divorces per 1,000 population in Poland, as annual figures from 1995 to 2018. Divorces in Poland remained relatively stable in 2018 compared to the previous year, at 1.6 per 1,000 population. 
 This graph shows the number of match fixing cases in international sports from 2000 to 2010, by world region. In South America, there were a total of 2 cases during this period. 
 This statistic presents data on the psychological impact of women experiencing online abuse or harassment worldwide. During the July 2017 survey period, 66 percent of survey respondents who have experienced online abuse stated that they felt a feeling of powerlessness in their ability to respond to abuse or harassment online. A total of 63 percent of online harassment victims also reported to not being able to sleep well. 
 This statistic shows the total value of cotton production in the U.S. from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the value of production stood at around 6.71 billion U.S. dollars. The United States were ranked as third leading cotton producing country worldwide in 2014/2015. 
 Drinking tea with milk but no sugar or sweetener was the most common way of drinking tea among British respondents (37 percent), followed by milk with sugar (18 percent). Thirteen percent of Brits liked to drink their tea without either milk or sugar. In 2017, most people in the UK would drink two to three cups a day. Tea imports to the UK The East India Company first brought tea to the British Isles in the 17th century. In 2017, approximately 126 thousand tons of tea reached the UK. The overwhelming majority of tea comes from non-EU countries. The biggest share of all imports comes from Sub-Saharan Africa (roughly 86 thousand tons). Tea brand and their use The most commonly used brand to brew standard or decaffeinated tea in the UK was PG Tips with 7.6 million users drinking it in 2017. In second and third place came Yorkshire tea and Tetley Tea Bags, with 6.2 and 5.9 million users, respectively. Among brands of herbal, fruit and green tea products Twinings lead with 5.9 million users. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide spending for tennis sponsorship from 2010 to 2016. In the year 2013, the global tennis sponsorship spending amounted to 708 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic illustrates the number of unlinked passenger trips provided by NJ Transit in the fiscal year of 2018, broken down by transit type. In that year, NJ Transit reported some 23.66 million passenger trips on its light rail lines. NJ Transit is the second largest commuter rail provider in the United States. 
 The statistic shows the main import partners for the United Kingdom in 2017. In 2017, the United Kingdom's main import partner was Germany, accounting for 13.7 percent of all imports. 
 This statistic illustrates Alibaba's mobile shopping conversion rate from the second quarter of 2012 to the second quarter of 2016. As of the last reported quarter, 2.8 percent of the group's mobile visits converted to purchases. 
 This statistic shows the price of gasoline per liter in selected countries in December 2019. The prices concern unleaded premium (95 RON) for France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom, and regular unleaded for Canada, Japan, and the United States. In December 2019, the gasoline price per liter in the United States stood at 0.675 U.S. dollars per liter. In Italy in the same month, the price stood at 1.757 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Belgium from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Belgium's gross domestic product had amounted to around 532.27 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the social networking reach in Indonesia from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 28 percent of the population in the country accessed social media. In 2019, this share is projected to reach 32 percent. 
 Canada Goose, originally known as Metro Sportswear Ltd., is a Canadian owned apparel company focusing on the production and sale of winter clothing. The worldwide revenue of Canada Goose amounted to approximately 830.5 million Canadian dollars in the 2019 financial year. Around 293 million dollars of this total revenue was generated in Canada, and around 251 million dollars in the United States. Sales channels Canada Goose sells its products through both wholesale and direct to consumer channels. Until 2019, wholesale was the leading channel in terms of revenue; in the financial year ending March 31, 2019, direct to consumer channels took the lead with sales of around 431 million Canadian dollars, over 30 million dollars more than the amount generated by wholesale channels. Canadian luxury apparel market Canada Goose uses high quality Canadian Hutterite down in their jackets. This material pushes their prices up and gives the brand its luxury status. Annual luxury apparel sales are expected to reach approximately 2.68 billion Canadian dollars by 2021 in Canada. E-commerce sales are projected to make up around 205 million Canadian dollars of this revenue. 
 This statistic presents the frequency of WeChat usage in the United States as of January 2018. During an online survey conducted by We Are Flint, it was found that two percent of internet users in the United States accessed the messenger app once every few days. 
 This statistic shows the development of Georgia's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the real GDP of Georgia was about 522.42 billion U.S. dollars. The annual real GDP growth of the U.S. can be accessed here. 
 This statistic provides information on mobile payment methods used by mobile payment users in the United States in 2015. Through the survey, it was found that 3.3 percent of U.S. users had their mobile payment charges added to their phone bill. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey, conducted by Gallup in the United States in May 2014, on adoption rights for gay and lesbian couples. During this survey, 63 percent of the respondents were in favor of adoption rights for gay and lesbian couples in the United States. 
 This statistic shows public sector expenditure on police services in the United Kingdom from 2009/10 to 2018/19. Expenditure on police services fell between 2009/10 and 2013/14 by approximately 3 billion British pounds. From 2013/14 until 2016/17 police expenditure fluctuated between a low of 16.35 billion in 2013/14 and a high of 16.66 billion in 2014/15. In the most recent fiscal year of 2018/19 spending increased to 17.99 billion British pounds. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Austria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Austria's real gross domestic product grew by around 2.75 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, India had 483 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 666.4 million internet users in 2023. Despite the untapped potential, India already is the second-largest online market worldwide. The majority of India's internet users are mobile phone internet users, who take advantage of cheap alternatives to expensive landline connections that require desktop PCs and infrastructure. As of 2016, India had 320.57 million mobile phone internet users and forecasts estimate 492.68 million Indian mobile phone internet users by 2022. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of wheat flour in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The U.S. per capita consumption of wheat flour amounted to 131.8 pounds in 2017. 
 The statistic illustrates the market share of coffee makers in the United States in 2010. In 2010, espresso machines hold a market share of 6 percent of the coffee maker retail sales in the United States. In 2010, the retail sales of espresso machines amounted to 1.4 million units in the United States.
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Estonia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Estonia had amounted to about 3.41 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Nigeria from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in Nigeria is expected to reach 30.4 million, up from 22.4 million in 2018. 
 The statistic shows countries worldwide ranked by their respective revenue from the IT sector in 2010. In 2010, the revenue from the IT sector in the United States amounted to more than 330 billion euros. 
 This statistic gives information on retail e-commerce sales growth in Canada from 2018 to 2023. In 2018, retail e-commerce sales grew by 9.1 percent compared to the previous year. In 2022, retail e-commerce sales are expected to grow 4.7 percent from the previous year. 
 The statistic reflects the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in member states of the European Union in August 2019. The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in Spain in August 2019 was 13.8 percent.The unemployment rate represents the share of the unemployed in all potential employees available to the job market. Unemployment rates in the EU The unemployment rate is an important measure of a country or region’s economic health, and despite unemployment levels in the European Union falling slightly from a peak in early 2013 , they remain high, especially in comparison to what the rates were before the worldwide recession started in 2008. This confirms the continuing stagnation in European markets, which hits young job seekers particularly hard as they struggle to compete against older, more experienced workers for a job, suffering under jobless rates twice as high as general unemployment. Some companies, such as Microsoft and Fujitsu, have created thousands of jobs in some of the countries which have particularly dire unemployment rates, creating a beacon of hope. However, some industries such as information technology, face the conundrum of a deficit of qualified workers in the local unemployed work force, and have to hire workers from abroad instead of helping decrease the local unemployment rates. This skills mismatch has no quick solution, as workers require time for retraining to fill the openings in the growing science-, technology-, or engineering-based jobs, and too few students choose degrees that would help them obtain these positions. Worldwide unemployment also remains high, with the rates being worst in the Middle East and North Africa. Estimates by the International Labour Organization predict that the problem will stabilize in coming years, but not improve until at least 2017. 
 While Hollywood may be the best-known film industry, the Indian film industry, also known as Bollywood, is the largest in the world in terms of the number of films produced. Around 1,500 to 2,000 films are produced every year in more than 20 languages. However, in terms of revenue generated, Bollywood remains nascent compared to other global industries. In 2018, the highest grossing film at the box office in India was Dangal, earning over 387 million Indian rupees and over 340 million U.S. dollars in the global box office. Money matters Although Bollywood enjoys popularity in many parts of the world, the main revenue for this industry comes from the domestic box office, representing 74 percent of the total industry. In 2018, the value of the Indian film industry was around 159 billion Indian rupees and it was forecasted to reach up to 229 billion rupees by 2023. Rise of regional cinema In a country as diverse as India, the power and reach of regional cinema is often overlooked. Yet, regional cinema with their local flavours enjoy tremendous popularity in the country. The South Indian film industry is vibrant with several big budget films released each year. The share of regional box office contribution across India was over 48 percent in 2018, with Tamil language films leading the race (948615). In fact, the Tamil language film 2.0 which was released in 2018 had a production budget of over 5.8 billion Indian rupees, making it the biggest Bollywood movie production of all time. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey conducted by the Hearth, Patio & Barbecue Association (HPBA) in July and August 2018. During the survey, U.S. consumers were asked about which types of grills they owned. Approximately 64 percent of the respondents indicated ownership of a gas grill. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Venezuela from 2011 to 2021. In 2018, the total population of Venezuela was estimated at approximately 28.86 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Georgia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Georgian population was 37.7 years. 
 This statistic shows the federal arts and culture spending in the United States per capita from 2002 to 2013. In 2013, 6.13 U.S. dollars were spent per capita on arts and culture in the U.S. by federal institutions. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Chicago White Sox games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 28.38 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total revenue of Johnson & Johnson worldwide from 2012 to 2024. Johnson & Johnson is a multinational company, specialized on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and consumer goods. The company is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey. In 2018, Johnson & Johnson's global revenue is estimated to amount to about 78.27 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The graph depicts the number of overall Tour de France victories by nation from 1903 to 2018. The winner came from Italy 10 times. In 2011, Cadel Evans became the first Australian to win the race, and at the age of 34, was the oldest post-war winner. 
 This statistic presents a ranking of the topics most commonly subjected to online trolling according to internet users in the United States. During the August 2017, 63 percent of respondents stated to having seen trolling behavior directed towards political content online. 
 Average car and van occupancy in England amounted to roughly 1.6 in 2018. That year, the source rounded figures to the nearest decimal, making a comparison with previous years difficult. In 2017, there were 1.55 people in a car or van per journey. Between 2002 and 2017, figures oscillated between 1.59 and 1.55, with highest figures recorded for 2002 and 2008. Car ownership in EnglandCar ownership was highest in Southern England, with residents in the East, South East, South West and East Midlands owning an average of 1.4 cars per household. In the East of England and the East Midlands 43 percent of households were multiple car owners. Overall, 53 percent of United Kingdom motorists had one car available to them. Car availability in household According to a 2017 Statista survey, approximately 87 percent of United Kingdom residents had a car permanently available to them in their household. Of these, 66 percent had their own car. 
 The statistic depicts the unemployment rate in Mexico from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, Mexico's unemployment rate was around 3.38 percent. Mexico's population Mexico is the third largest country in North America. Mexico’s economy has developed and improved over the years, partially due to a better relationship with the United States. Mexico’s total population was estimated to amount to around 120 million people in 2014, with the majority, i.e. more than 60 percent, having a Mestizo background. Despite a remarkably high migration flow between Mexico and the United States, with more than 11.5 million Mexican migrants living in the United States, Mexico’s population is still growing at a constant rate. In addition, life expectancy in Mexico is increasing, pointing towards an improvement of living conditions. However, the high total population numbers affect the population density. In 2012, there were more than 62 inhabitants per square kilometer registered, ten more than a decade ago. This trend is most likely to increase but not worriyngly so, since Mexico is still far from being one of the countries with the highest population density . Among the Mexican metropolises, Mexico City has the highest number of residents by far. 
 This statistic displays the monthly exchange rate (as of the end of each month) of the euro to the Swiss franc (EURCHF), according to data from the European Central Bank, from January 2014 to February 2020. The concrete, or point in time, measure shows the exchange rate as of the last day of each month, which is different to the standardized measure; calculation of average based on observations throughout the period in question. Between the months of December 2016 to December 2017, the monthly exchange rate of the euro to the Swiss franc noted an increase with some fluctuation. In November 2017, the euro to Swiss franc monthly exchange rate was equal to 1.17, which meant that one euro could buy 1.17 Swiss francs. As of February 2020, this value had decreased with some fluctuation, to a value of 1.06 swiss franc. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Saudi Arabia from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 20.2 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 22.5 million mobile phone internet users. 
 Despite being one of the most popular sports in the world, the level of interest in soccer in the United States still remains relatively low. The English Premier League is nevertheless keenly followed by some fans in the states and 32 percent of respondents stated that record league title winners, Manchester United, were their favorite team to follow. 
 WhatsApp, Facebook and YouTube ranked as the most popular social media for Dutch Millennials or 20-to-39-year-olds in 2020, beating, for example, Instagram. In 2020, roughly 90 percent of the Millennial respondents in the Netherlands said they used WhatsApp. Facebook was also popular, with 82 percent indicating they actively used this platform. Both social networks had over ten million users in the country, of which 9.1 million were daily users for WhatsApp and 6.8 million for Facebook. Millennials are less active on Facebook Despite that Facebook ranks as the second-most popular social media platform, the Silicon Valley application experienced upheaval in the Netherlands. In a different question asked by the source, 57 percent of the Millennials agreed with a statement that said they spent less time on Facebook than they used to. Privacy concerns were one possible explanation for this. Some respondents also mentioned, though, that the platform had become too time-consuming and would rather spend it on “real life” activities. Instagram and Snapchat a gateway to Generation Z, not Millennials Are Dutch Millennials leaving Facebook then for other social networks, such as Instagram or Snapchat? The ranking provided here does to indicate that the 23-to-37-year-olds are part of the user base of the two photo apps. Data looking at the growing penetration rate of the two platforms by different age groups in the Netherlands confirms this. This same data does mention, though, that consumers aged 15-19 used the apps a lot more. Between 2015 and 2018, Instagram’s penetration rate among Generation Z increased by roughly 25 percentage points whilst the youngest generation was the first in the Netherlands to use Snapchat. 
 This statistic shows the most corrupt countries as calculated by the Corruption Perception Index in 2019. Points considered when calculating the perception of countries levels of corruption include: bribery of public officials, kickbacks in public procurement, embezzlement of state funds, and how effective public sector anti-corruption efforts have proven to be. A score of 0 indicates high perceptions of corruption and a score of 10 indicates that no corruption is perceived in the respective country. According to the index, Somalia is perceived to be the most corrupt country in the world, with a score of nine in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Cameroon from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Cameroon amounted to about 1.07 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic depicts the size of the worldwide point of care diagnostics market from 2015 to 2022, measured in billion U.S. dollars. In 2015, the global market for point of care diagnostics was estimated to be around 21.5 billion U.S. dollars. The forecast says that the market size will increase to over 40 billion dollars until 2022. 
 This statistic gives a ranking of major countries of destination for U.S. honey exports in 2018. According to the report, the United States exported approximately 739 metric tons of honey to Canada that year. 
 The statistic shows the market share of Huawei in the global smartphone market (unit shipments) from the first quarter of 2012 to the fourth quarter of 2019. In the fourth quarter of 2019, Huawei's market share in the smartphone market was at 15.2 percent. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Massachusetts from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 10 percent of Massachusetts' population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic represents auto sales in the United States from 1990 through 2019. In 2019, approximately 4.73 million autos were sold to individual customers and corporate fleets in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees in the United States from 1990 to 2019. Employed persons consist of: persons who did any work for pay or profit during the survey reference week; persons who did at least 15 hours of unpaid work in a family-operated enterprise; and persons who were temporarily absent from their regular jobs because of illness, vacation, bad weather, industrial dispute, or various personal reasons. In 2019, the employment level increased to 157.54 million people. 
 This statistic shows the foot orthotic insoles market worldwide from 2015 to 2021. In 2016, foot orthotic insoles had a market value of approximately 2.78 billion U.S. dollars globally. Forecasts say that the market will increase to around 3.7 billion dollars by 2021. 
 This statistic shows the natural gas prices for household end users in Italy semi-annually from 2010 to 2018. In the first half of 2018, the average natural gas price for households was 7.14 euro cents per kWh. 
 The homicide rate in Russia steadily declined since 2002 when it was measured at 30.7 murders per 100,000 population. The latest data showed that by 2018, this figure decreased to 5.4 homicides per 100,000 people. Over the years observed, the highest rate was recorded at 32.6 homicides per 100,000 persons in 1994. 
 The statistic illustrates findings of a survey regarding the use of social media in Germany in 2019. During the survey period, it was found that 80.1 percent of responding adults that go online were WhatsApp users. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in rugby in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in rugby amounted to approximately 1.56 million. 
 This statistic shows the leading ten trends in ethnic cuisines on restaurant menus in the United States as forecasted by professional chefs for 2015. During the survey, 54 percent of the respondents stated that Peruvian cuisine was a "hot trend" for restaurant menus in 2015. 
 This statistic shows the estimated population size of all pets in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2009 to 2018. Over the last five years the number of pets in the UK has declined. The pet population peaked in 2013 at 71 million, but as of 2018 is estimated to be around 51 million. The most popular pet in the United Kingdom is the dog, with 26 percent of people owning one. The least popular pet type is mice with only 00.3 percent of the population owning one. The United Kingdom is a nation of pet lovers, with 45 percent of the population owning some sort of animal. With such as high percentage of ownership, this means there is a big market for other essentials such as pet food and accessories. In 2017 dog and cat food alone had an estimated market value of 2.5 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic gives information on the follower count distribution on Twitter. As of April 2014, 93.68 percent of Twitter users had between 1 and 100 followers on the microblogging site. 
 The graph presents the gender gap index in Venezuela from 2014 to 2018. In 2018, Venezuela scored 0.71, which shows a gender gap of approximately 29 percent (women are 29 percent less likely than men to have equal opportunities). That same year, the gender gap in the area of political empowerment in Venezuela amounted to 83 percent. 
 The graph shows data on most viewed trailers on YouTube in 2014. The trailer for the upcoming movie Fifty Shades Of Grey was ranked first with 67 million views. The only non-movie trailer in this ranking was the Call of Duty: Advanced Warfare Reveal trailer with 26 million views. 
 This statistic shows the monthly amount of cars sold by Citroen in the United Kingdom (UK) between July 2014 and December 2019. Peaks in registration numbers were recorded in March and September of each year, which was due to the issuing of license plates by the Driver & Vehicle Licensing Agency (DVLA) in those months. In December 2019, Citroen sold 2,901 cars in the UK, an increase of over 44 percent compared with December 2018. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Venezuela from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Venezuelan population was 27.3 years. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Indiana Pacers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 42.39 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in France from 2014 to 2018 in relation to gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of France amounted to about 98.39 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Qatar from 1984 to 2024*. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2017, the GDP per capita in Qatar amounted to around 62,826.06 U.S. dollars. By the way, nowadays, Qatar is one of the countries with the largest GDP per capita. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Saudi Arabia from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Saudi Arabia's total population amounted to 32.61 million inhabitants. Population of Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia, the second largest Arab state, is a nation in development. As a result of the economic stability, gross domestic product (GDP) has grown by about 520 billion U.S. dollars over the past decade. This comes as a result of Saudi Arabia’s positive trade balance and the fact that Saudi Arabia exports about 2.5 times more goods than it imports. Therefore, it is no surprise that Saudi Arabia has constantly had a very high GDP growth in the past decade. In a developing country, there is a tendency for the population to move to more urban cities where the employment rates are higher. The degree of urbanization in Saudi Arabia has grown by around 2 percent from 2002 to 2012. Some of the biggest cities in Saudi Arabia have witnessed the urbanization changes first-hand. The capital of Saudi Arabia and the biggest city, Ar-Riyad, is home to about five million inhabitants. However, the high number of illegal immigrants in Saudi Arabia also accounts for the total population. More awareness to health risks and better living conditions have increased the life expectancy at birth in Saudi Arabia by about 3 years in the last decade. With a rapidly growing total population, it has grown by around 8 million inhabitants over the past decade, the government has set some rules to avoid overcrowding and overpopulation. The fertility rate in Saudi has steadily decreased over the past years in order to attempt to control the rapidly growing population. 
 This statistic ranks the ten most spoken languages, other than English, in Scottish schools in 2017, by number of speakers. The most commonly spoken language was Polish with almost 15.7 thousand native speakers, followed by Urdu and Scottish. 
 The timeline depicts how many boat trailers were sold in each year from 2000 to 2013. In 2010, 65,100 boat trailers were sold in the United States, an increase of 14.4 percent compared to the previous year. More statistics and facts on recreational boating
 This statistic shows the number of prisoners under jurisdiction of federal or state correctional authorities from 1990 to 2017. Around 1.49 million people were imprisoned in the United States in 2017, compared to 1.39 million in the year 2000. 
 This statistic shows AMD's expenditure on research and development each year from 2001 to 2019. In 2013, AMD spent more than 1.2 billion U.S. dollars on R&D. In 2019, this expenditure was about 1.5 billion. California-based Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is a multinational semiconductor company which was founded by several former executives from Fairchild Semiconductor in 1969. Today the company, which competes with corporations such as IBM, Intel and Nvidia, employs more than 10,000 people around the world. AMD generated almost 60 percent of its revenues in 2013 from its computing solutions segment and around 40 percent from its graphics and visual solutions segment. The total global net revenue of AMD amounted to 5.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. 
 This statistic shows the population growth in the Philippines from 2008 to 2018, compared to the previous year. In 2018, the population in the Philippines grew by approximately 1.4 percent. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Afghanistan from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 25.5 percent of Afghanistan's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 Due to Venezuela currently battling hyperinflation, the average inflation rate in Venezuela amounted to about 438.12 percent in 2017 compared to the previous year. After that year, there are only estimates to pinpoint inflation in the country, as Venezuela’s economy is collapsing. What is hyperinflation? In short, hyperinflation is a very high inflation rate that accelerates quickly. It can be caused by a government printing huge amounts of new money to pay for its expenses. The subsequent rapid increase of prices causes the country’s currency to lose value and shortages in goods to occur. People then typically start hoarding goods, which become even more scarce and expensive, money becomes worthless, financial institutions go bankrupt, and eventually, the country’s economy collapses. The Venezuelan descent into hyperinflation In Venezuela, the economic catastrophe began with government price controls and plummeting oil prices, which caused state-run oil companies to go bankrupt. The government then starting printing new money to cope, thus prices rose rapidly, unemployment increased, and GDP collapsed. Today, many Venezuelans are emigrating to find work and supplies elsewhere, and population growth is at a decade-low. Current president Nicolás Maduro does not seem inclined to steer away from his course of price controls and economic mismanagement, so the standard of living in the country is not expected to improve significantly anytime soon. 
 This statistic contains data on the global revenue of Zynga from the fourth quarter of 2012 to the third quarter of 2019. In the third quarter of 2019, the social gaming company generated a total revenue of 345.29 million U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, the United Kingdom's defense spending as a share of Gross Domestic Product was 2.1 percent. Since 1980, the UK's defense spending was at it's highest in 1984 when 5.5 percent of the UK's GDP was spent on the military. After 1984, defense spending declined gradually, and then at a much faster pace after the end of the Cold War in 1991, with the United Kingdom only just reaching the two percent benchmark set by NATO by 2018. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Slovakia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Slovakia's real gross domestic product grew by around 4.11 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the ratio of insurance premiums to GDP (insurance penetration) on the European domestic insurance market between 2004 and 2018. The ratio is used as an indicator of insurance sector development. In 2018, the premiums ratio to GDP was 5 percent. 
 The statistic shows the top 25 players at the FIFA World Cup 2018 in Russia according to their current market / transfer value. Lionel Messi of Argentina is the highest valued player, with a transfer market value of 180 million euros. 
 The statistic presents the value of funds raised by crowdfunding platforms worldwide from 2012 to 2014. In 2013, global crowdfunding platforms raised approximately 6.1 billion U.S. dollars. Crowdfunding – additional information Crowdfunding, also called crowd sourcing, is a form of collecting money from large number of people all over the world, usually online, in order to fund a project run by individuals or companies. In the last years, the crowdunfing platforms have experienced a rapid growth and nowadays there are numerous crowdfunding websites supporting various projects. Crowd sourcing has become a form of alternative financing, an option of collecting money in the times when, especially after the 2008 financial crisis, banks have become very careful and not willing to extend the credit to less creditworthy applicants. The funding resources pooled in the crowdfunding campaigns have therefore supported, at least to some extent, the economic growth worldwide. The funding volume amounted to 530 million U.S. dollars in 2009 and almost tripled within the following three years as crowdfunding became more and more popular globally and gained new followers. In 2012, the majority of crowdfunding platforms were based in the United States and Europe. In Europe, the highest number of crowd sourcing platforms was available the United Kingdom, Netherlands and France. 
 This statistic presents the net income of Wells Fargo from 2009 to 2018. The net income of Wells Fargo amounted to approximately 22.39 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 In 2019, the crude birth rate in Sweden reached the lowest point in the last thirteen years when it was down to 11.1. The crude birth rate is defined as the number of live births in a given geographical area in a given time period, per thousand mid-year population. As with the birth rate in Sweden, the fertility rate has also been declining for many years, reaching the lowest value for a long period of years in 2019. More births than deaths, and more Immigration than emigration Even though the crude birth rate and the fertility rate in Sweden have been declining for years, the population in Sweden is still growing. This is partly due to fewer deaths than births, but also due to the positive migration flow of more immigrants coming into Sweden, than the number of Swedes emigrating. Babies born The number of babies that are born is decided by the number of women in reproductive age living in the country. As a result of an increasing population, in part due to migration, the number of babies that are born over time, remained close to constant in the last decade. In 2019, around 115 thousand babies were born in Sweden. 
 The statistic shows the population density in Spain from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the population density in Spain amounted to about 93.53 inhabitants per square kilometer. 
 In this 2018 survey, eight percent of respondents stated they think the biggest problem for the United States today is Donald Trump. In fact, most of the important problems mentioned are somehow related to the current POTUS – the most mentioned one being immigration and racism. A country divided Since Trump’s inauguration in January 2017, political camps in the United States are deeply divided and global politics is in turmoil; Trump’s job approval ratings are notoriously low, and in fact, they are lower than Reagan’s or Nixon’s averages ever were. Trump’s leadership is controversial at best and his executive orders often cause protests, especially among Democrats and liberals – like the travel ban for Muslims. On the other side One of Trump’s main campaign promises was a wall on the border with Mexico in order to keep potential illegal immigrants out and enhance security for American citizens. When he did not get the majority for this plan, he declared a national emergency to force the budget to be allocated, even though the majority of Americans did not support this idea, and it is unclear if the situation at the Mexican border actually warrants it. In fact, the total number of unauthorized immigrants has decreased over the last few years and today, many Americans believe that their country benefits from immigrants and their work . 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Niger from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of Niger's population was 14.9 years. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Korean War Veterans Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Korean War Veterans Memorial amounted to approximately 3.84 million in 2019. 
 The average engine size of motorcycles registered in Great Britain increased between 1994 and 2018. By 2018, engines with a volume of 614 cubic centimeters had become the norm, an increase of nearly 40 percent since the beginning of the reporting period. Most common engine size As of 2018, most registered motorcycles had an engine size either between 51 and 125 cubic centimeters or greater than 1,000 cubic centimeters. There were 227,600 licensed motorcycles in the United Kingdom with an engine size of more than 1,000 cubic centimeters. Motorcycle stock There were 1.24 million motorcycles on roads in Great Britain. Figures were still slightly lower than before the recession, having peaked at nearly 1.28 million units in 2009. In recent years, total numbers oscillated between 1.23 and 1.24 million. By comparison, there were more than 25 times more licensed cars than motorcycles in the country. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey among adult Americans who have one or more tattoos. The survey was conducted in 2015, asking the respondents whether they ever regret getting any of their tattoos, or not. 77 percent of respondents stated they do not regret getting any of their tattoos. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Colombia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 80.78 percent of Colombia's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows the expenditure of affluent households, or the so-called highest quintile, in the United States on fees and admissions for social, recreation, health club membership from 2013 to 2016. In 2016, affluent Americans spent some 56 U.S. dollars on fees and admissions for social, recreation, health club membership. 
 This statistic illustrates the average retail price of liquid milk (including semi-skimmed, skimmed, whole milk, low % fat milk and other milk) in Great Britain from the 52 weeks ending on the 18th of October 2009 to the 52 weeks ending on the 7th of October 2018. In the 52 weeks ending October 2018, the average retail price of milk was 61 pence per liter. 
 While they may not have made it out of the group stages of the 2018 World Cup, the Serbian national team were top of the table when it came to the average height of their players – their squad boasted an average height of 185.6 centimeters per player. The first-choice goalkeeper for Serbia, Vladimir Stojković, was one of the tallest members of the team at 195 centimeters. At the other end of the scale, the squad of Saudi Arabia came in at an average of just 176.2 centimeters, making them the shortest squad at the 2018 World Cup. Youth vs. ExperienceThe oldest squad at the 2018 World Cup belonged to Costa Rica. Their squad had an average age of 29.6 years, almost four years older than the squad of Nigeria, who had the youngest squad at the tournament. However, neither youth nor experience triumphed in this instance as both teams failed to get out of their groups. Indeed, the result of the World Cup, with France emerging victorious after beating Croatia in the final, went very much to form. The France squad was the most expensive squad at the tournament, with a combined market value of 1.08 billion euros. Panama’s squad, on the other hand, had a combined transfer value of just 9.13 million euros. Homegrown talents The Premier League is often called the best league in the world, so it is unsurprising that the entire England squad at the World Cup plied their trade in the English top division. In contrast, there were three national squads in which all of the players played their domestic football abroad – none of the players in the squads of Croatia, Sweden, or Iceland played their club football on home soil. Manchester City was the most represented club team at the World Cup in 2018, with 16 of its players participating. Real Madrid came a close second with 15 members of the squad taking part in the tournament. 
 The greatest share of passengers at Luton Airport waited between one to five minutes to be security screened. Only 25 percent stated that they had queued for longer than six minutes, although none of the respondents waited for longer than 30 minutes. 85 percent of passengers at Luton airport were satisfied with their security screening experience. Fastest security lines Gatwick had the fastest security line out of all airports located around London. Of passengers, 24 percent reported they did not have to wait at all when reaching security screening. This compared to 14 percent of travelers through Luton airport. Luton passenger numbers Around 17 million travelers had arrived at or departed from the Bedfordshire based airport in 2018. This was the highest figure since the beginning of the reporting period in 2000. Luton airport is a base for low cost carriers Ryanair, TUI Airways and Wizz Air. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Sacramento Kings franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 286 million U.S. dollars. Sacramento Kings - additional information The Sacramento Kings are a franchise of the National Basketball Association (NBA) that became part of the newly formed NBA in 1949. At that time, the Kings were known as the Rochester Royals and located in Rochester, New York. The team relocated several times in the ensuing years, finally moving to Sacramento in 1985. In 2013, the franchise was sold by the Maloof family to a group led by TIBCO Software chairman Vivek Ranadive, who acquired a 65 percent controlling interest in the team at a total franchise valuation of about 534 million U.S. dollars. Forbes ascribes the franchise a value of 550 million U.S. dollars for 2014 in its annual NBA Team Valuations. Revenue of the Sacramento Kings was at 115 million U.S. dollars in the 2012/13 season. The home games of the Sacramento Kings had an average attendance of 13,749 in the 2012/13 season. The total attendance was at 563,743 in 2012/13. In contrast to most other franchises of the NBA the average ticket price at Sacramento Kings games has decreased over the past few years from almost 60 U.S. dollars in 2008/09 to 43.32 U.S. dollars in 2013/14. The Sacramento Kings were ranked 21st on Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index in 2014 with 268.28 U.S. dollars in total costs for the game experience. The Fan Cost Index includes the costs for four average-price tickets, four regular-size hot dogs, four small soft drinks, two small beers, two game programs, two adult-size adjustable caps and parking for an hour. 
 This graph shows the largest Christian denominations in the United States in 2010, by number of adherents. In 2010, the Lattar-day Saints were among the largest Christian groups with about 6.3 million adherents in the United States. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Detroit Tigers from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Detroit Tigers was 18,767. • Detroit Tigers total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
