 The statistic shows the inflation rate in the Netherlands from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in the Netherlands was about 1.6 percent compared to the previous year. Economy of the Netherlands The Netherlands has an open economy, which implies that the country is highly dependent on foreign activities, such as imports and exports. The country’s economic policies and regulations have allowed for the country to highly benefit from strong international relations, however have increased the chances of economic struggles that correspond with the economic situations in other countries as well. The Netherlands is one of the main countries for foreign direct investments in Europe due to its strategic location, superior technological infrastructure as well as international business environment, a reputation that has all but grown more formidable over the years. Additionally, the country’s tourism industry makes up a rather large part of its GDP. Despite feeling the effects of the global financial crisis of 2008 as well as the Eurozone crisis, many aspects of the Dutch economy are highly prosperous, most notably with its low inflation rates. Unemployment within the country, in spite of a slight increase over the past several years, has remained relatively low in comparison many other European countries that were equally as affected by recession. 
 The statistic depicts Russia's gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, Russia's real GDP grew by about 2.26 percent compared to the previous year. Trade balance of Russia With the exception of 2009, Russia’s gross domestic product was relatively stable year-over-year, however at a higher rate prior to the financial crisis. In 2012, Russia reported a trade surplus, meaning that more goods and services combined were exported than imported. However, Russia primarily profited from exporting goods, earning the majority of its revenues from its trade balance of goods, while the nation posted a trade deficit on its services, its highest loss recorded since 2003. Russia imports and exports its products and services primarily to neighboring countries or countries in Europe. Russia’s most important trade partner is arguably China, potentially due to shared borders and strong political relations between the two nations. China is accountable for roughly 19.2 percent of all of Russia’s imports, however only makes up roughly 8.3 percent of the country’s total exports. China has become an important import partner for many nations around the world as well as a country where larger companies can manufacture goods at a cheaper price. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, the real median household income in Alabama was 49,936 U.S. dollars. The average median household income in the United States was at 63,179 U.S. dollars. 
 What is the average price of residential property in the Netherlands? In the fourth quarter of 2019, a single-family home cost approximately 344,000 euros. There were large differences between the Dutch provinces, however. Single-family homes were most expensive in the central province of Utrecht with an average price of 454,000 euros, whereas a similar house in Groningen had an average price tag of 225,000 euros. Overall, the average price a private individual would pay when buying any type of existing residential property (such as single-family homes but also, for example, an apartment) was approximately 287,000 euros in 2018. Do the Dutch prefer to buy or to rent a house? The Netherlands had a slightly higher home ownership rate (the share of owner-occupied dwellings of all homes) in 2017 than other countries in Northwestern Europe. 69 percent of all Dutch houses were owned, whereas this percentage was roughly 51 percent in Germany and 64 percent in France. This is an effect of past developments: the price to rent ratio (the nominal purchase price of a house divided by the annual rent of a similar place) shows that for a long time it was relatively cheaper to buy a property in the Netherlands than to rent one. Life for rent: mortgages in the Netherlands Additionally, the Netherlands has one of the highest mortgage debts among private individuals in Europe. In 2018, total debt reached a value of approximately 714 billion euros. This has a political background as the Dutch tax system allowed homeowners for many years to deduct interest paid on mortgage from pre-tax income for a maximum period of thirty years, essentially allowing for income support for homeowners. In the Netherlands, this system is known as hypotheekrenteaftrek. Note that since 2014, the Dutch government is slowly scaling this down with a planned acceleration from 2020 onwards. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in Spain from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Spain increased by about 1.68 percent compared to the previous year. Inflation in Spain As explained briefly above, inflation is commonly defined as the level of prices for goods and services in a country’s economy over a certain time span. It increases when the total money supply of a country increases, causing the money’s value to decrease, and prices to increase again in turn. Nowadays the term “inflation” is used more or less synonymously with “price level increase”. Its opposite is deflation, which, in short, means a decrease of the price level. Spain and its economy have been severely affected by the financial crisis of 2008 (as can be seen above), when the real estate bubble imploded and caused the demand for goods and services to decrease and the unemployment rate in Spain to increase dramatically. Even though deflation only occurred for one year in 2009 and the price level has been increasing since, Spain’s economy still has a long way to go until full recovery. Apart from the inflation rate and the unemployment rate, gross domestic product / GDP growth in Spain and the trade balance of goods in Spain, i.e. the exports of goods minus the imports, are additional indicators of Spain’s desolate condition during the economic crisis and its slow and difficult recovery ever since. Still, there is a silver lining for Spain’s economy. All in all, things seems to be improving economically, albeit slowly; many key indicators are starting to stabilize or even pick up again, while others still have some recovering to do. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Indonesia from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Indonesia's real gross domestic product grew by around 5.17 percent compared to the previous year. Indonesia's economy on the rise Indonesia is a nation with a growing economy and a steadily increasing population. It is estimated that the total population in Indonesia will surpass 255 million inhabitants by 2016 and continue to grow fast. Indonesia reports the fourth-largest population worldwide, and it is also the fifteenth-largest country by total area. The country's biggest contributor to gross domestic product is the industry, with services close behind. In 2013, industry contributed more than 45 percent to Indonesia's gross domestic product in Indonesia. The economy in Indonesia has been on the rise over the past years, and Indonesia is slowly establishing itself as one of the world’s most powerful economic players. In 2014, Indonesia's gross domestic product (GDP) amounted to more than 856 billion U.S. dollars, that's higher than Saudi Arabia's GDP, for example. GDP is calculated by analyzing the volume and value of goods and services that a country can produce in a specific time period. Emerging markets and developing economies, such as Indonesia, make up around 57 percent of global gross domestic product. Another indicator of economic strength is GDP per capita, which helps to assess the quality of life in a country and the growth of the economy. GDP per capita in Indonesia has been estimated to almost quadruple in the time period between 2004 and 2014, indicating an increase in living standards. 
 This statistic shows the total population of the Netherlands from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of the Netherlands was around 17.18 million people. Population of the Netherlands Despite its small size, the Netherlands is the twenty-third smallest nation in the European Union, and it is one of the most important nations in Europe and the world. The Netherlands is a founding member of the European Union, a member of the Group of Ten, and NATO. The total population of the Netherlands has rapidly increased over the past decade. Between 2004 and 2014, the total population increased by around 600 thousand people, currently estimated to be around 16.9 million altogether. The biggest cities in the Netherlands include Amsterdam, Rotterdam, and The Hague, with Amsterdam alone being home to almost 800 thousand residents. Among other factors, the Netherlands' increasing population is due to high life expectancy, economic growth and job opportunities. In 2011, the population of the Netherlands grew by around 0.47 percent in comparison to 2010. That same year, life expectancy at birth in the Netherlands was a little over 81 years, the highest recorded life expectancy since 2001. In addition, the unemployment rate in the Netherlands is one of the lowest unemployment rates in all of Europe. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in Australia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Australia was at about 1.96 percent compared to the previous year. Australia's economy Australia has one of the world’s largest economies and is a significant global importer and exporter. It is also labeled as one of the G20 countries, also known as the Group of Twenty, which consists of 20 major economies around the globe. The Australian economy is highly dependent on its mining sector as well as its agricultural sector in order to grow, and it exports the majority of these goods to eastern Asian countries, most prominently China. Large quantities of exports have helped Australia maintain a stable economy and furthered economic expansion, despite being affected by several economic obstacles. Australia’s GDP has seen a significant increase over the past decade, more than doubling its value, and experienced a rather quick recovery from the 2008 financial crisis, which indicates that the country experienced economic growth as well as higher productivity. One of the primary reasons is the further development of the nation’s mining industry coupled with the expansion and success of many Australian mining companies. 
 The statistic depicts France's real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, France's real GDP grew by about 1.73 percent compared to the previous year. Unemployment in France France has one of the largest economies in the world and is the second largest economy in the European Union, behind Germany, with whom France often partnered in order to support the structure of the European Union. France is also the fourth most populated country in Europe and has maintained slow population growth since the mid 2000s. Despite being not only a European but also a global economic power, France struggled with maintaining a low unemployment rate and experienced a significant increase in unemployment after the 2008 crash, just like many other prominent industrial countries. However, unlike these other nations, unemployment continued to rise well into the 2010s, while the employment situations in neighboring and international countries improved almost every year. The lack of working opportunities is related to the Eurozone crisis that primarily affected southern European countries, such as Spain, Portugal and Italy. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Greece from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Greece was around 18.08 percent. Today, Greece reports the highest unemployment rate of all EU states. Greece's financial situation Greece is a developed country with a high-income economy, whose primary industry revolves around tourism and shipping. Agriculture also plays an important role for the country’s economy, more specifically for the EU. Greece had experienced large amounts of economic growth from the 1950s to the 1970s, however was economically devastated by the Great Recession in 2009 as well its own government debt crisis. Since the early 2000s, small increases in national debt were present within the Greek economy. These small increases turned into rather substantial surges between 2008 and 2011, which resulted in a large amount of accumulated public debt. However, financial assistance from several countries around the world as well as stimulus packages from the EU were issued to Greece, with the hopes of structural adjustments in the government and better decision making within the country in order to decrease national debt and increase productivity. The financial assistance helped stabilize Greece’s debt over the past several years, however many countries are arguing just how useful this support is, mostly because Greece has not made significant strides to improve its economy. As a result, consumers have become less optimistic about the possibility of a short term economic recovery in Greece. Additionally, investors have remained hesitant on investing into the country, generally due to an increasing debt-to-GDP ratio, which is ranked atop all countries in the European Union. The so-called debt-to-GDP ratio is an important indicator of a country’s ability to pay back its debts without incurring further debt. 
 Out of all 50 states, New York had the highest per-capita real gross domestic product (GDP) in 2018, at 74,463 U.S. dollars. Mississippi had the lowest per-capita real GDP, at 34,434 U.S. dollars. What is real GDP? A country’s real GDP is a measure that shows the value of the goods and services produced by an economy and is adjusted for inflation. The real GDP of a country helps economists to see the health of a country’s economy and its standard of living. Downturns in GDP growth can indicate financial difficulties, such as the financial crisis of 2008 and 2009, when the U.S. GDP decreased by 2.5 percent. Why real GDP per capita matters Real GDP per capita takes the GDP of a country, state, or metropolitan area and divides it by the number of people in that area. Some argue that per-capita GDP is more important than the GDP of a country, as it is a good indicator of whether or not the country’s population is getting wealthier, thus increasing the standard of living in that area. 
 The statistic displays the annual sales revenue of John Lewis department stores in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2009 to 2019. In the year ending January 2019, the British retailer generated an annual sales revenue of over 3.8 billion British pounds, a slight drop on the year prior. John Lewis: a minor partner John Lewis department stores are part of the John Lewis Partnership plc, which also owns the upmarket grocery chain Waitrose. Unlike the dwindling revenue of John Lewis, annual sales figures for Waitrose continue to climb, granting the grocery stores a bigger share in the partnership. Online sales at John Lewis Across the UK town centers, John Lewis has about 50 department stores, selling products ranging from fashion and home textiles to furniture, homeware and electronicals. The department store retailer also puts great emphasis on its online estate: between 2011 and 2016, online sales on the John Lewis website reached 1.63 billion. A retailer with a track record of strong online performance, John Lewis continued to deliver growth in its online estate in the following years as well. 
 The graph presents data on the virtual reality video gaming sales revenue worldwide from 2015 to 2020. The source estimates that the global VR gaming market size in 2016 will be worth 3.6 billion U.S. dollars. This number is expected to grow to 22.9 billion by the end of 2020. Europe and North America are the two biggest markets for virtual reality video gaming. The European market is valued at an estimate of 1.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. The North American market, led by the United States, is projected to be worth 1.5 billion U.S. dollars in the same year. Between 2016 and 2020, mobile VR gaming sales are expected to show the highest growth in sales revenue, followed by the PC and console segments. Adventure, action and simulation games seem to be the most popular VR gaming genres as more than 50 percent of gamers said they were interested in such VR games in late 2016. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Russian ruble (EURRUB), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the introduction of the euro in 1999 to 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2000 and 2016, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Russian ruble noted a steep increase. In 2009, the euro to Russian ruble annual average exchange rate was equal to 44.14, which meant that one euro could buy 44.14 Russian rubles. By 2016 this value had increased overall, to a value of 74.14 which meant that one euro could buy 74.14 Russian rubles. This increase in average annual euro to Russian ruble exchange rate is reflected in the monthly exchange rate in recent years. As of 2018 the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Russian ruble was 74.04. 
 The states with the highest rates of pertussis include Vermont, Wisconsin, Alaska and Maine. Pertussis is more commonly known as whooping cough. It is a respiratory disease that causes uncontrollable coughing. Whooping cough is highly contagious, but deaths are rare. Pertussis vaccination There are two vaccines in the U.S. that help to prevent pertussis. These are the DTaP, for children under 7 years, and the Tdap, for older children, teens and adults. These vaccines are highly recommended, and a majority of children and teens receive them. In 2017, around 83 percent of children aged 19 to 35 months had received the DTaP vaccine. Pertussis cases The number of cases of pertussis in the United States have decreased significantly since the introduction of vaccines that prevent the disease. In 1950, there were around 120,700 new cases of pertussis in the U.S., compared to just under 18,000 new cases in 2016. In that year, there were around 5.56 new cases of pertussis per 100,000 population. 
 The U.S. state with the highest average price per gallon of maple syrup was Connecticut, at 76 U.S. dollars in 2018. Minnesota had the second highest price on average, at 61.5 U.S. dollars per gallon of maple syrup. Maple syrup production Canada takes great pride in being a major producer of maple syrup worldwide. In 2018, Canada generated 9.8 million gallons of maple syrup, down from 12.51 million gallons the year before. The United States also produces a large volume of maple syrup, at 4.16 million gallons in that year. Syrup consumption in the United States In the United States, maple syrup is traditionally eaten with pancakes, waffles, or French toast. There are many maple syrup imitation products on the market which are much less expensive than genuine maple syrup but that taste similar. These are often referred to as “pancake syrup” and include brands such as Mrs. Buttersworth and Log Cabin. It is estimated that around 272 million Americans use pancake and table syrup as of 2018. The most used brand of pancake/table syrup in the United States is Aunt Jemima. 
 In the U.S. state of Nevada, there were approximately 164.1 thousand slot machines and other mobile gaming devices in casinos in 2018. Since 1965, this figure had been steadily increasing up until the year 2000 in which it also reached its peak with around 213 thousand slot machines and other mobile gaming devices in casinos. From 2000 on, the number of casino gaming devices in Nevada has been going down continuously. Slot machines bring money into Nevada’s coffers Casinos make up the largest part of the commercial gaming segment, which is very popular with U.S.-citizens and also a lucrative revenue source. In the 2018 fiscal year, casinos in the state of Nevada generated a total of more than 11 billion U.S. dollars in revenue from gaming. Las Vegas, the largest city in Nevada and globally renowned for its casinos, was the location accounting by far for the highest proportion of the commercial gaming revenue in the whole of the United States. The casino market of Las Vegas generated around six and a half billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Consumer demographics A survey found that over 30 percent of respondents aged 30 to 49 years used slot machines in casinos in the United States. This seems to be a pastime preferred by older generations as comparatively, only around 22 percent of respondents were between 18 and 29 years old. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of France from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of France amounted to around 2.55 trillion U.S. dollars. For comparison, the Greek debt amounted to approximately 360 billion euros that same year. French national debt and developments in taxationFrance currently has one of the highest national debt levels of any of the world’s nations. Debt in the European Union’s second largest economy is currently at around 97 percent of GDP. The cost of interest on the country’s debt alone comes in at over 1,600 euros per second; every man, woman and child in France, of which there are 65.3 million in total, take a share of just under 28 thousand euros of the debt. On the 6 May, 2012, the incumbent French President was defeated by François Hollande, leader of the French Socialist Party. The new President vowed to develop and change the tax system of France, announcing wide ranging economic policies in a bid to balance the nation’s budget and right what he considered to be social wrongs. He pledged and supported the separation of lending and investment banks, as well as proposing sweeping changes to the French tax system. The introduction of the measure of capping tax loopholes at a maximum of ten thousand euros per year and questioning the solidarity tax on wealth, the annual direct wealth tax on those with assets in excess of 1.3 million, were also part of Hollande’s proposals. The President has also signalled his intention to implement an income tax rate of 75 percent on revenue earned above one million euros per year. He stated the allocation of the revenue from this tax would be used to develop the deprived suburbs and to balance the nation's budget by 2017. France is a country brimming with big business and millionaires. The nation is home to the most millionaires in Europe; 2.6 million in total. 
 The timeline shows Walmart's net sales worldwide from 2006 to 2019. In 2018, Walmart's global net sales amounted to about 500.34 billion U.S. dollars.WalmartWal-Mart was founded in 1962 by Sam Walton when he and his brother James “Bud” Walton opened the first Wal-Mart Discount City in Rogers, Arkansas. Since then, Wal-Mart has grown to become the largest publicly-owned retail company in the world. In the United States, the company includes Wal-Mart discount stores, Supercenters, Neighborhood Markets, and Sam’s Club warehouse membership clubs. The company also has many international operations. Wal-Mart is considered a variety store which focuses on low prices featuring apparel as well as hard goods, and has been committed to upholding their basic value of customer service.Beginning in the early 1990s, Wal-Mart went to great lengths to increase their market share. They introduced a full line of groceries into their stores, diversified their market by appealing to certain ethnic groups through bilingual advertisements, and took steps to promote the awareness of environmental issues.In 2017, Wal-Mart operated over eleven thousand stores worldwide; with 4,672 of those stores located in the United States alone. Even though Wal-Mart has been criticized for their low wages, they claim to do a lot of good for lower income households. Figures show that a family can save about one thousand U.S. dollars a year with their ability to cut prices on some products, such as toys, by thirty percent in order to stimulate more sales. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in baseball in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in baseball amounted to approximately 15.64 million. 
 As of 2018, the average annual wage of Germany was 40.5 thousand Euros per year, a growth of just over 5.8 thousand Euros when compared with 2000. From 2000 until 2007, wages rose by less than a thousand euros, with wage growth accelerating mainly in the period after 2010. The 607 Euro increase recorded between 2010 and 2011 was the largest wage rise seen during this period. Comparisons with rest of the EU Within the European Union Luxembourg had an average annual salary of over 71 thousand U.S dollars, with Germany having an annual salary comparable to other large European Countries, such as the United Kingdom and France. In neighboring Poland, the average annual salary was just over 13 thousand U.S dollars, meaning that German’s earned, on average, more than three times what their Polish counterparts did. German economy slowing in 2019 While Germany initially had one of the strongest recoveries from the 2008 financial crash and as of 2018 had the largest economy in Europe its economy has started to slow in recent years. For 2019 the German economy is forecasted to grow at a rate of only 0.75 percent, compared with 2.46 percent in 2017. Although the economic outlook is set to improve slightly in 2020, it remains to be seen if the low levels of growth predicted in the coming years will have an impact on German wages. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Japan from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the gross domestic product per capita in Japan was around 38,342.74 U.S. dollars. For further information, see Japan's GDP. Japan's economy Japan is the world’s second largest developed economy and a member of the Group of Eight, also known as G8, which is comprised of the eight leading industrialized countries. Due to a weak financial sector, overregulation and a lack of demand, Japan suffered substantially from the early 1990s until 2000, a time referred to as ‘’The Lost Decade’’. Japan’s economy is still slowly recovering from the country’s asset price bubble collapse; however it continues to struggle to retain economic milestones achieved in the 1980s. Japan’s response to the crash was to stimulate the economy, which in turn resulted in extensive amounts of debt that further increased into the 21st century, most notably after the 2008 financial crisis. Despite maintaining a surprisingly low unemployment rate, demand within the country remains inadequate, primarily because Japanese residents spend a rather small fraction of the money they earned from the workplace. Lower demand often has a direct effect on production, with companies seeing not enough profits to continue production at such a high rate. Based on the consumer confidence index, Japanese households found that their quality of life, income growth, employment and propensity to durable goods was below satisfactory standards, perhaps due to these households still experiencing the effects of the 1990s bubble crash. 
 The statistic depicts the market value of the largest internet companies worldwide as of June 2019. That year, e-commerce company Amazon's market value was 888 billion U.S. dollars. Alphabet, the parent company of search market leader Google, had a market value of 741 billion U.S. dollars. The end of the 1990 in the United States saw the rise of a great number of internet companies, also called online companies or a variety of the name “dot com,” where the “.com” domain is derived from the word commercial. At the time, such startups were merely riding the wave of early internet business, but had little capital and perhaps one good idea. Few companies have survived the burst of the dot com bubble and even fewer have managed to become internationally successful. A few notable exceptions are American companies such as Google (founded in 1998), Amazon (founded in 1994) or eBay Inc. (founded in 1995), and the Chinese online giant Alibaba (founded in 1998), which have come to be some of the largest internet companies in the world. Topping the ranking of largest internet companies worldwide is currently Alphabet, the parent company of Google, with a market capitalization of 741 billion U.S. dollars as of June 2019. Having started as a PhD project at Stanford University, the Google project slowly gained traction and is now the number one search engine in the world, with a market share of 90 percent on the search engine market. Due to a number of high profile acquisitions, Google has expanded its portfolio beyond search, to include the video content sharing site YouTube, the digital app platform Google Play Store, the webmail service Gmail and the web browser Google Chrome, to only name a few. As of March 2019, it is also the most visited multi-platform website in the United States, with almost 256 million U.S. unique visitors during that month alone. In October 2015, Google reorganized itself into a newly created parent company, the multinational conglomerate Alphabet Inc. The biggest internet companies in terms of their workforce are currently Amazon, Google and eBay. 
 The statistic depicts the total mortgage debt outstanding in the United States from 2001 to 2018. The total mortgage debt outstanding in the U.S. amounted to approximately 15.4 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. Mortgage debt outstanding – additional information The amount of outstanding mortgage debt in the United States has decreased since 2008 making it appear that Americans are trying to reduce their debt and stock up on savings as a result of the economic crisis. While this may be true, decreases in mortgage debt can be mainly attributed to decreases in mortgage debt outstanding on family residences and not all of this debt reduction has come willingly. High numbers of housing unit foreclosures have likely reduced mortgage debt overall, in addition to mortgage debt restructuring and short-sales. The result of which would have had a great impact on mortgage debt overall, given the fact that household mortgage debt composes by far the largest share of household debt) and because the total value of mortgage debt in the United States is around 10 trillion U.S. dollars. However, it is not only mortgage debt that has contributed to this decrease, but also nonfarm and non-residential property has probably made a significant impact as well. In contrast, mortgages on multifamily residences and farm properties increase from year to year. Their value, however, is much smaller than the one of the previously mentioned debts and as such doesn’t have a big impact on the total value of outstanding mortgage debt in the U.S. 
 This statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in Turkey from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The real GDP is also known as economic growth. In 2018, the growth of the real GDP in Turkey was at approximately 2.83 percent compared to the previous year. Turkey's economy Based on economic standards, Turkey is recognized as an emerging market and is one of the world’s newly industrialized countries, having earned a place in the Group of Twenty, which is a group consisting of the twenty most important economies in the world. Turkey’s economical significance is partially attributed to the country’s growth, especially during the recent global financial recession. While countries around the world struggled to grow, let alone maintain a balanced economy, Turkey experienced a rather high percentage of gross domestic product growth annually. Additionally, Turkey’s financial sector saw significant improvements, most notably with the country’s inflation, which reached rates lower than those prior to the financial crash and even the lowest in a decade. With a rapidly growing populace as well as having had one of the fastest growing economies in Europe and the world, Turkey managed to maintain a stable and unchanged unemployment rate over the past decade, with the exception of 2009. However, despite a significant spike in unemployment, Turkey’s competent management helped bring the total unemployment rate to single digits for the first time in many years. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Cleveland Cavaliers franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.51 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This timeline shows adidas Group's net sales worldwide from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, adidas Group's net sales amounted to about 21.92 billion euros. adidas The adidas Group is the largest sporting goods manufacturer across Europe and the second largest worldwide – only behind long-term competitor Nike. The company manufactures sports clothing as well as other products such as bags, shirts, watches, eyewear, and other sports- and clothing-related goods. It is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany, but has further major locations all over the world. Adidas was founded in 1949 and employs around 57,000 employees worldwide. The company name has originated from its founder: ‘Adi’ from Adolf and ‘Das’ from Dassler’.The sportswear company sells products under their brand names adidas, Reebok and TaylorMade. The adidas official brand logo is characterized by the three stripes and the three leaves symbolizing the Olympic spirit which combines the three continental plates. The adidas brand was rated among the most valuable German brands in 2017 and enjoys a great brand loyalty among consumers of both genders. Reebok is known as a global sports brand and TaylorMade is mainly operating in the golf business.According to the latest annual report, the net sales of the adidas Group worldwide amounted to about 21.22 billion euros in 2017. The company sales are divided in the following product categories: footwear, apparel and hardware. Footwear captured the largest sales share in 2017.Besides selling sporting goods, the Adidas Group has repeatedly sponsored a range of sport clubs involved in a large variety of different sports. However, the marketing focus of their sponsorship still focuses on the team sport of soccer. 
 The U.S., followed by Switzerland, had the highest average cost per day to stay in a hospital as of 2015. At that time the hospital costs per day in the U.S. were on average 5,220 U.S. dollars. In comparison, the hospital costs per day in Spain stood at an average of 424 U.S. dollars. Even Switzerland, also a very expensive country, had significantly lower costs than the United States. Number of U.S. hospitalsThe number of U.S. hospitals has decreased in recent years with some increase in 2017. There are several types of hospitals in the U.S. with different ownerships. In general there are more hospitals with a non-profit ownership in the U.S. than there are hospitals with state/local government or for-profit ownership. U.S. hospital costs Health care expenditures in the U.S. are among the highest in the world. By the end of 2019, hospital care expenditures alone across the U.S. are expected to exceed 1.2 trillion U.S. dollars. Among the most expensive medical conditions treated in U.S. hospitals are septicemia, osteoarthritis and live births. There are different ways to pay for hospital costs in the United States. Among all payers of U.S. hospital costs, Medicare and private payers are paying the largest proportion of all costs. 
 Between 2001 to 2019, employment in the financial services sector in the United Kingdom (UK) has fallen. In 2019, the total number of people employed in this sector in the UK amounted to approximately 1.1 million. This was a decrease compared to pre-global recession figures, when on the British market there were 1.2 million people were employed in all subsectors of financial services. These figures have decreased as a result of the crisis and closer of bank branches across the country, to approximately 1.1 million in 2010, but since then they noted a rocky few years fluctuating between nearly 1.15 and 1.1 million employees. Financial service sector The trend for the total number of financial services sector employees in the United Kingdom can be seen in contrast to estimations for London, as one of the leading centers of international finance. Overall the number of finance and insurance sector employees in London is forecast to grow over the coming years. Financial service sector Financial services, which include banks, credit unions, credit-card companies, accountancy firms, insurance companies as well as financial service companies are an integral part of any economy. The banking sector assets as percentage of gross domestic product (GDP) was approximately 380 percent in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Canada from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 81.41 percent of the total population in Canada lived in cities. Canada's rural exodus Canada is one of the largest countries in the world regarding land area, second behind Russia. However, Canada´s inhabitants - like the majority of people around the world - prefer to live in cities where there are more possibilities to work and play. The country is part of North America, the most urbanized continent in the world. In 2014, almost 82 percent of Canada was urbanized, i.e. more than 80 percent of the Canadian population lived in cities. The manufacturing, finance, construction and trade that occurs within their boundaries help fuel the economy of urban areas. While mining and oil and gas extraction compose a large share of Canada's GDP and are often located in rural areas, they do not provide many jobs. Furthermore, agriculture, which was once of primary importance to the economy of rural areas, no longer plays the same role and makes up only a small share of both GDP and employment. In Canada, people primarily migrate to the larger cities such as Toronto, Montreal, and Vancouver. As these cities and others attract young adults, this leaves less of them who stay and start families in rural areas. As a consequence, rural areas are experiencing a population decline as rural births do not compensate for urban migration. Shrinking rural areas and growing urban areas will place demands on both urban and rural infrastructure in Canada and around the world. 
 This statistic shows the real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in Italy from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, Italy's real GDP increased by about 0.86 percent compared to the previous year. Italy's national debt Italy’s economy is a developed industrial economy that ranks as one of the largest in the world. A large and efficient economy has helped Italy attain a spot as a member of the G7 and G8, as well as the European Union. After the Second World War, Italy experienced a significant economic boost due to support from the ‘’Free World’’, which is a term used to identify non-communist countries during the Cold War. But several decades of economic growth came to an end after the 2008 recession; from roughly 2007 to 2011, the Italian’s encountered multiple setbacks that shrunk the national economy and dramatically affected the country as a whole. Debt became a major problem and Italy saw annual national debt growth primarily due to the country’s inability to maintain its budget properly as well as an overall decrease in GDP. As a result, investors often questioned the country’s ability to pay off its debts without incurring further debt, particularly due to the country’s large debt-to-GDP ratio, which remains one of the highest in the world. 
 This statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in Spain from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. Spain's real GDP growth in 2018 was about 2.58 percent compared to the previous year. Spain's recovering economy Spain maintains a relatively important role as a member of the European Union as well as the World Trade Organization. Spain’s economy has been recognized as one of the most paramount in the world, however has been bogged down by multiple crisis’s over the past several years. Economical disasters such as the global financial crisis of 2008 and the euro debt crisis left the Spanish economy with long-term obstacles that the Spanish government has yet to overcome. One of the nation’s main economic struggles resides in unemployment, which was not only considerably high to start the decade but continued to grow to precarious volumes, most notably since 2008. Despite similar economical conflicts in neighboring countries, Spain suffers from one of the highest unemployment rates in Europe, only surpassed by Greece. The Spanish economy prospers from a low import-high export method which was initially implemented after the global financial crisis in order to help the country become more profitable. The country’s exports reached pre-crisis levels and saw continuous growth over the years, to the point that Spain became one of the world’s top exporters. Despite the economic slump due to the crisis, Spain now seems to recover slowly and forecasts are rather optimistic, in 2014, Spain was even among the countries with the largest GDP worldwide. 
 According to the latest available data, New Mexico was the state with the highest teenage pregnancy rate in the U.S., followed by Arkansas and Mississippi. Although New Mexico has the highest teen pregnancy rate, California is the state with the highest number of teenage pregnancies. In 2013, there were almost 57,000 teenage pregnancies in California. Teenage pregnancy Teenage pregnancy rates in the United States have decreased in recent years. In 2013, there were around 43 teenage pregnancies per 1,000 women aged 15 to 19 years. This number was almost 118 per 1,000 women in the year 1990. It is believed that the causes of this decrease include more teens abstaining from sex and increased use of birth control among those teens who are sexually active. Contraception use The use of contraception among sexually active teens is vital in reducing the rates of teen pregnancy. However, in 2017, only 54 percent of sexually active teens reported they used a condom during their last sexual intercourse. Furthermore, only 35 percent of sexually active female high school students used a prescription contraceptive method during their last sexual intercourse. Access to contraception and taboos surrounding teen sexual activity remain barriers to contraceptive use among teens in many areas of the United States. 
 Here you can see a forecast for the sale of Google Glasses from 2014 to 2018. The source predicts that Google's product will sell well and that by 2018 will sell more than 21 million units. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in Russia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Russia was at about 2.88 percent compared to the previous year. Russia's economic uplift Based on economic power and economic standards, Russia is recognized as one of the biggest economic powers in the world. With a population of around 143 million people and a re-awakened population growth since 2010, Russia has tried to establish itself as one the world’s largest economies and wealthiest nations and succeeded, being the sixth largest economy in the world today. The gross domestic product (GDP) increase in Russia from 2009 to 2014 is also a good indicator of Russia’s economic growth and strength. After the 1998 Russian financial crisis, several reforms were introduced to the Russian economy which allowed it to recover. Not only did the Russian economy experience a great boost but the quality of life in Russia as well as the people’s satisfaction with the direction of the country has also improved. In comparison to the previous year - with the exception of 2009 -, the Russian real gross domestic product growth rate has increased over the past decade. The trade balance of goods has been experiencing a rapid increase since the beginning of the millennium, with the exceptions of 2007 and 2009 due to the global economic crisis. This allowed Russia to export more goods than it imported. This high trade balance of goods resulted in a low inflation rate in 2012, the lowest recorded inflation rate since 2004. 
 This statistic shows the number of people who have obtained a legal divorce and have not remarried in Canada from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 2.64 million divorced people were living in Canada. 
 The statistic depicts the average TV viewership of Stanley Cup games in the United States from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average TV viewership was at 5.33 million per game in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in paintball in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in paintball amounted to approximately 3.41 million. Participation in paintball - additional information The number of participants in paintball in the United States increased significantly from 4.55 million in 2006 up to 5.48 million in 2007. This figure fell slightly in 2008 and stood at 4.55 million again in 2009. In the nine years from 2008 to 2017, the number of paintball participants aged six years and older, decreased from 4.55 million to less than four million. Paintball is a non-traditional extreme sport in which two teams use air guns with colored gelatin capsules filled with paint to shoot at each other. Games can be played indoor or outdoor on natural or artificial terrain. The legality of paintball games varies across countries and regions. Since 2007, wholesale sales of paintball equipment have steadily fallen from 300 million U.S. dollars in 2007 to less than 140 million in 2014, according to Sports Marketing Surveys USA. In 2017, however, this increased to 157 million U.S. dollars. In comparison, the wholesale sales of the wider U.S. sports industry, including sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, sports apparel, athletic footwear, and sports licensed merchandise, have increased slightly year-over-year. In 2008, wholesale sales amounted to around 75 billion U.S. dollars and had grown to 90.22 billion dollars by 2017. Additionally, paintball ranked 15th in a sports equipment price comparison from the National Sporting Goods Association in 2014. The average price for paintball guns/packages stood at 135.73 U.S. dollars, while air/CO2 pistols and rifles cost approximately 73.85 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts Mexico's real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, Mexico's real GDP grew by about 2 percent compared to the previous year. Mexico's economy Mexico, having not been dramatically affected by the 2002 South American crisis, has one of the strongest economies in the Americas behind the United States and Canada. By improving its macroeconomic rules and regulations, Mexico improved on many aspects of its economy, most notably inflation. Several goals that the government wanted accomplish were the improvement of infrastructure around the country as well as newer tax laws that would allow for higher income equality. Mexico is generally an export-oriented country, with the majority of export goods consisting of electronics, automobiles and agricultural goods. Exports over the past decade have seen continuous growth, with the exception of 2009. This increase in exports is largely due to an increasing number of free trade agreements with international countries, which essentially eliminate tariffs between member countries. However, Mexico imports more than they export, having recorded an annual trade deficit over the past decade. While most economics label this as a negative aspect, other economics believe that trade deficits are associated with positive economic developments. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Indian rupee (EUR INR), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the early days of the euro in 2001 up until 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on many observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: this denotes concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2001 and 2014, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Indian rupee noted an overall increase. In 2014, the euro to Indian rupee annual average exchange rate was equal to 81.04, which meant that one euro could buy 81.04 Indian rupees. By 2019, this value had fluctuated, to a value of 78.84, which meant that one euro could buy 78.84 Indian rupees. 
 This statistic shows the world rice acreage in crop years 2010 to 2017. In crop year 2017, there were around 167.25 million hectares of rice-cultivated area worldwide. In 2016/2017, India was estimated to be the leading global producer of rice and to harvest about 44.5 million hectares of rice. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Dallas Cowboys, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In the 2018 season, the revenue of the Dallas Cowboys was 950 million U.S. dollars. Dallas Cowboys The Dallas Cowboys are a professional football franchise of the National Football League (NFL). The franchise joined the league in 1960 as an expansion team and has become one of the most successful teams in the league both financially and in terms of on-field success. The team is owned by Jerry Jones, who bought the franchise for approximately 150 million U.S. dollars in 1989. In 2018, the revenue of the Dallas Cowboys franchise was at 950 million U.S. dollars, making it the highest-grossing franchise in the NFL. According to Forbes, the franchise now has an estimated total value of 5.5 billion U.S. dollars. The team’s home games are played at Cowboys Stadium, which opened in 2009 and has a seating capacity of 80,000. Its construction reportedly cost around 1.2 billion U.S. dollars. The Dallas Cowboys have appeared in the playoffs 30 times in franchise history, reaching the league’s championship game — the Super Bowl — ten times. Five out of ten times, the team won the Super Bowl, most recently in 1995. Notable players include quarterback Troy Aikman, running back Emmitt Smith and wide receiver Michael Irvin. All three are members of the Pro Football Hall of Fame and were members of the Dallas Cowboys teams that won three Super Bowls in the 1990s. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Polish zloty (EUR PLN), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the introduction of the euro in 1999 to 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on many observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: this denotes concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2001 and 2004, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Polish zloty noted a steep increase. In 2004, the euro to Polish zloty annual average exchange rate was equal to 4.53, which meant that one euro could buy 4.53 Polish zloty. It dipped at the height of global recession, in 2008. Between 2010 and 2016 the value increased overall, to 4.36 which meant that one euro could buy 4.36 Polish zloty before falling once again in 2019 to 4.3 Polish zloty. This overall increase in an average annual euro to Polish zloty exchange rate is also reflected in the monthly exchange rate in recent years, although in this case the values are measured at one point in time (end of month). 
 This statistic shows the total number of single parent families in Canada from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, about 1.64 million single parent families were living in Canada, compared to 1.56 million in 2010. 
 Ukraine had the highest production volume of sunflower seeds of any country in the world in the 2018/2019 crop year. During that time period, Ukraine produced around 15 million metric tons of sunflower seeds. Russia is also a major producer of sunflower seeds worldwide. Sunflower seed oil One of the main commodities that can be produced from sunflower seeds is sunflower seed oil, which is a popular cooking oil. In addition to being the world’s leading producer of sunflower seeds, Ukraine also exports the highest volume of sunflower seed oil of any country. In the United States, domestic consumption of sunflower seed oil was increasing between 2015 and 2017 but dropped in consumption volume in 2018. Leading types of edible oils in the United States Vegetable oils are a staple in American households and restaurants, used in pan-frying, deep-frying, salad dressings, and more. The edible oil with the highest level of consumption in the United States was soybean oil. Other popular types of vegetable oil among American consumers are canola oil and palm oil. Of all the major edible oil types in the United States, sunflower seed oil is the second to least popular, with a consumption volume higher than only that of peanut oil. 
 The statistic shows the total population of India from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, the estimated total population in India amounted to approximately 1.33 billion people. Total population in India India currently has the second-largest population in the world and is projected to overtake top-ranking China within forty years. Its residents comprise more than one-seventh of the entire world’s population, and despite a slowly decreasing fertility rate (which still exceeds the replacement rate and keeps the median age of the population relatively low), an increasing life expectancy adds to an expanding population. In comparison with other countries whose populations are decreasing, such as Japan, India has a relatively small share of aged population, which indicates the probability of lower death rates and higher retention of the existing population. With a land mass of less than half that of the United States and a population almost four times greater, India has recognized potential problems of its growing population. Government attempts to implement family planning programs have achieved varying degrees of success. Initiatives such as sterilization programs in the 1970s have been blamed for creating general antipathy to family planning, but the combined efforts of various family planning and contraception programs have helped halve fertility rates since the 1960s. The population growth rate has correspondingly shrunk as well, but has not yet reached less than one percent growth per year. As home to thousands of ethnic groups, hundreds of languages, and numerous religions, a cohesive and broadly-supported effort to reduce population growth is difficult to create. Despite that, India is one country to watch in coming years. It is also a growing economic power; among other measures, its GDP per capita was expected to triple between 2003 and 2013 and was listed as the third-ranked country for its share of the global gross domestic product. 
 The average price of gel fills in the United States increased moderately in the 2010’s, rising from 29.19 U.S. dollars in 2009 to 34.03 U.S. dollars in 2015. Gel fills A gel fill is a treatment for nails which already have a gel polish applied, and is designed to fill in the small gap that occurs between the cuticle and the base of the gel polish after several weeks of growth. Gel polishes can either be ‘soft’, where the treatment does not extend beyond the edge of the natural nail, or ‘hard’, where a harder form of gel can be used to create nail extensions. A full treatment including nail extensions is significantly more expensive than a soft gel polish. Gel versus acrylic The main alternative to gel-based nail treatments is acrylic treatments. Gel treatments are a relatively new invention compared to acrylic nail treatments, emerging in the 1980’s. Many people prefer gel nail treatments, claiming they have a more natural feeling while providing a longer-lasting, glossier finish with no chipping, peeling or cracking. However, gel nail are more complicated to apply than acrylic treatments, making acrylic fills and full sets cheaper than their gel alternatives. In addition, gels are more difficult to remove, meaning that removal often creates an additional cost – although it is possible to remove gel treatments at home. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Turkey from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a change in it is a sign of economic growth. In 2019, the GDP per capita in Turkey was estimated to be around 8,957.89 U.S. dollars. Turkey and the economic crisis Due to slight economic growth, Turkey is beginning to be recognized as an emerging market and one of the newer industrialized countries in the world. After the global financial recession, many economical aspects of the country crashed. However, Turkey implemented stimulus packages, including temporary tax cuts, and as a result, Turkey’s economy recovered from the crisis faster than many other nations. Not only is Turkey’s economic recovery is evident in an annual rise in GDP, but also in a significant plunge in unemployment since the crash as well as in a decrease of the inflation rate (277044), which reached decade-low levels. Turkey specializes in the production of clothing, automotive, iron and steel, chemicals and agricultural products. Due to a high agricultural output rate, Turkey has been efficient in food production and is viewed as one of the most plentiful producers of fresh fruit worldwide. Agricultural production has also seen growth over the years in the country; however Turkey has slowly become less dependent on it as a main source of income. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Canada from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, 5.7 percent of the labor force in Canada was unemployed. 
 The statistic shows the global youth unemployment rate from 2009 to 2014 with a forecast up to 2019. The global youth unemployment rate was at 12.9 percent in 2012. Youth unemployment Just like the general unemployment rate, youth unemployment is recorded and monitored to gauge the job market situation in a country and worldwide. Youth unemployment includes unemployed individuals aged 15 to 24, a typical age range to have either just finished school or graduated and looking for jobs. In order to be registered as unemployed, a person must be able to work, unemployed and looking for a job. Usually youth unemployment is higher than adult unemployment, since many graduates do not find employment right after they have graduated. According to the development of youth unemployment in regions of the world, the rate is the highest in the Middle East, as is the general unemployment rate worldwide. To escape unemployment, it has become quite common in some parts of the world to leave ones hometown and look for work elsewhere. A look at youth employment prospects by country shows that optimism among young people in finding a good job is decreasing even among those who are not unemployed; especially in the countries struggling due to the economic crisis, hope to find a job that pays better than the current one to enable the young employees to live a better life than their parents is practically non-existent. Still, even though the global youth unemployment rate has been increasing slightly over the last few years, it is projected to remain stable in the future. 
 The statistic represents the number of health insurance employees in the United States from 1960 to 2018. In 1999, there were 319,200 health insurance employees (home-office personnel) in the United States. Until 2018, this number increased to almost 530 thousand employees. Health insurance The number of employees working as home-office personnel in the health insurance sector has risen since the 1990s. In 1996, about 278,000 people were employed in this industry and have increased to roughly 530,000 employees in 2018. Aflac is currently one of the leading health and life insurance companies in the United States. The company garnered profits of some three billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Medicaid is a health care program for families in the United States living on a low income. It is funded by both state and federal governments and managed by individual states. The program was created in 1965 under the Social Security Amendments. Total Medicaid spending in the United States is highest in California and New York, reaching some 84 billion U.S. dollars and 75 billion U.S. dollars, respectively, in fiscal year 2018. There were about 11.7 million Medicaid (and CHIP) enrollees in California and 6.5 million enrollees in New York as of 2019. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) or “Obamacare” was signed on March 23, 2010 with goals of increasing health insurance quality and affordability to raise the number of people covered by health insurance in the country and lowering health care costs for individuals. It was estimated that the ACA should help insure 13 million more people under Medicaid and CHIP and insure an additional 25 million citizens overall by 2023. 
 This statistic shows the 10 U.S. states where the most tomatoes for fresh market were produced in 2017. In California, around eight million cwt of tomatoes for fresh market were produced that year. In terms of global vegetable production, tomatoes were ranked among the leading types. Tomatoes The tomato plant belongs to the so called nightshade family. It is one of the most popular vegetables worldwide. Tomatoes originated in Mexico and spread around the world after the Spanish colonization of the American continent. Today, approximately 150 million metric tons of tomatoes are produced globally. The United States produces around 1.4 million metric tons of tomatoes for fresh market consumption. The largest proportion of U.S. tomato production is used for further processing. The top U.S. states based on tomato production for fresh market usage are California and Florida. Per capita tomato consumption in the United States was stable over the past decade. Every American consumes more than 17 kilograms of fresh tomatoes annually. According to a study, every fourth American consumer buys fresh tomatoes weekly or even more frequently. Since 2000, average U.S. retail prices for one pound of field grown tomatoes varied between 1.40 and 2.47 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in the United States from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in the United States is expected to reach 223.2 million, up from 220.5 million in 2018. As of the fourth quarter of 2018, the social network was accessed by 2.3 billion users on a monthly basis. 
 The statistic shows the degree of urbanization in the United States from 1970 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population living in urban areas. In 2018, about 82.26 percent of the total population in the United States lived in cities and urban areas. Urbanization in the United States With the United States being populated and inhabited by settlers and migrants quite late in comparison to other nations, urbanization took place a lot later than in other developed nations. Urbanization is defined as the migration of people to the cities (mostly from rural areas, but also from other countries) making the cities larger and more populated. The term ‘Urbanization’ is mainly used in reference to larger cities, it is a phenomenon caused by the migration of people to urban areas in search of better living standards, for example greater job opportunities, better health conditions or housing. Urbanization is one of the factors that has contributed to the abandonment of rural areas and the agricultural way of life in favor of industrial jobs and improved conditions. Many young people from rural areas see moving to the city as a way of enabling them to live their life in the manner that they choose. Urbanization in the States was most prominent on the East Coast to begin with, as it initially served as the main point of entry for the majority of migrants; the gradual settling of other areas of the country followed subsequently. Today, however, Western parts of the United States are classed as being the most urbanized; the majority of cities and urban areas can be found here. The Northeast is also highly urbanized, with New York being the most populous city in the United States. According to the US Census Bureau, out of all US states, only four still have a rural majority: Vermont, West Virginia, Mississippi and Maine. 
 This statistic shows the number of missing person files as listed by the National Crime Information Center (NCIC) from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, the number of missing person files decreased slightly compared to previous years, with 609,275 cases. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Chuck E. Cheese's worldwide from 2007 to 2018. Chuck E. Cheese's generated approximately 896.07 million U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018, up from 886.77 million in the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy at birth in India from 2007 to 2017. The average life expectancy at birth in India in 2017 was 69.17 years. Standard of living in India India is one of the so-called BRIC countries, an acronym which stands for Brazil, Russia, India and China, the four states considered the major emerging market countries. They are all in a similar advanced economic state and are expected to advance even further. India is also among the twenty leading countries with the largest gross domestic product / GDP, and the twenty countries with the largest proportion of global gross domestic product / GDP based on Purchasing Power Parity (PPP). Its unemployment rate has been stable over the past few years; India is also among the leading import and export countries worldwide. This alone should put India in a relatively comfortable position economically speaking, however, parts of the population of India are struggling with poverty and health problems. When looking at a comparison of the median age of the population in selected countries – i.e. one half of the population is older and the other half is younger –, it can be seen that the median age of the Indian population is about twenty years less than that of the Germans or Japanese. In fact, the median age in India is significantly lower than the median age of the population of the other emerging BRIC countries – Russia, China and Brazil. Additionally, the total population of India has been steadily increasing. Regarding life expectancy, India is neither among the countries with the highest, nor among those with the lowest life expectancy at birth. The majority of the Indian population is aged between 15 and 64 years, with only about 5 percent being older than 64. 
 The online gaming platform, Steam, was first released by the Valve Corporation in 2003. What started off as a small platform for Valve to provide updates to its games has turned into the largest computer gaming platform in the world. The platform initially released just seven games in 2004, but this number has progressively risen in the ensuing years, reaching a staggering 9,050 in 2018. Steam’s PC dominance When you think of PC gaming, you automatically think of Steam. With such a wide range of games on offer from traditional online multiplayer shooters to farming simulators, there is something for every gaming taste on the platform. As a result, gamers flock to Steam in their millions, with the platform registering 18.5 million peak concurrent users in 2018. Steam generated 4.3 billion U.S. dollars in game sales in 2017, marking a dramatic increase from the 1.5 billion U.S. dollars of revenue generated in 2014. The global nature of the platform can be seen by the wide range of languages spoken by its users. Whilst English remains the dominant language, a combined 35 percent of Steam users in 2019 stated that their main language was either Chinese or Russian. Steam’s biggest games PlayerUnknown’s Battlegrounds (PUBG) was the most popular game on Steam during 2018. The battle royale game averaged almost 853 thousand players per hour, almost twice the figure of its closest competitor, DOTA 2. The game also topped the 2018 list for peak number of concurrent players - PUBG reached more than 3.2 million players in a single hour in its peak, with DOTA 2 once more claiming second place. 
 This statistic shows the total global revenue of Marks & Spencer from 2010 to 2019. In 2019, the British retailer generated approximately 10.4 billion British pounds in revenue both in the United Kingdom (UK) and internationally. This is a decrease of almost 1 billion British pounds since 2010. Marks and Spencer has been established in the UK since 1884. The retailer offers a wide range of products to its customers, from food items to general merchandise, such as clothing, beauty and personal care products and home accessories. There are currently over 1,000 Marks & Spencer stores located in the UK, and 444 operating internationally. These stores range from the core shops, which offer a selection of the company's general merchandise and food products, the supermarkets (branded as M&S Foodhalls), home stores, outlet stores and convenience stores (branded as M&S Simply Food) Marks and Spencer's is renowned for its higher quality products, especially those in the food section. Around 67 percent of people feel that the quality of the products is worth a 5 star rating. On the contrary though, only 6 percent feel that they get value for money when shopping at Marks and Spencer's. 
 This statistic depicts CVS Health's number of stores from 2005 to 2018. The CVS Health Corporation is a U.S. drug retailing company, with three major segments: Pharmacy Services, Retail/LTC, and Corporate. CVS Health is headquartered in Woonsocket, Rhode Island. In 2018, the company's total number of stores was nearly 10 thousand. In 2014, the company changed its name from CVS Caremark to CVS Health. CVS Health key facts CVS Health has steadily increased its number of stores in the last decade from 5,474 stores in 2005 to 9,967 stores in 2018. The company’s revenue has also steadily increased from 37 billion U.S. dollars in 2005 to almost 195 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Around two thirds of the company’s revenue are generated from its pharmacy services while the rest is generated from its retail/LTC segment. The company has three main segments including Pharmacy Services, Retail/LTC, and Corporate. For example, CVS/Caremark is a pharmacy benefit management company, providing services to corporate, insurance, and other health plans. CVS pharmacies are also one of the leading drug store chains in the United States, with its stores located in over 40 states. CVS Health spent 376 million U.S. dollars in advertising in 2014. CVS Health originated when it was first established in 1979 in Irvine, California under the name “Caremark”. Recently, in September 3, 2014, the company changed its corporate name to CVS Health. Once CVS stood for Consumer Value Stores, but former CEO, Thomas Ryan, stated that he believed it now stood for, “Convenience, Value, and Service”. Additionally, the company holds several exclusive private labels at its stores, such as Just the Basics and Earth Essentials. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Indonesia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Indonesia was at approximately 4.38 percent. Indonesia's population and economy The Republic of Indonesia is a sovereign state archipelago in Southeast Asia, composed of more than 17,000 islands. In 2010, Indonesia's total population amounted to more than 237 million people. It is estimated to reach more than 255 million people by 2015. Indonesia is among the the thirty largest countries in the world (in terms of geographical area) and also among the countries with the largest population, behind China, India, and the USA. Better living conditions, better health care, and a growing economy in Indonesia are fundamental for the growing population. Nowadays, Jakarta, the largest city in Indonesia, has more than 9.5 million inhabitants. Indonesia's economy has seen major improvements over the past years, and the country is one of the frontrunners here as well: Estimated to be around 856 billion U.S. dollars, Indonesia had one of largest gross domestic products worldwide in 2014. As a result of the prospering economy, unemployment in the country is rapidly decreasing. as can be seen above. Between 2005 and 2014, the unemployment rate in Indonesia decreased by more than 5 percent. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Pakistan from 1984 to 2019. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Pakistan's gross domestic product amounted to around 314.59 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2017, New Mexico had the highest burglary rate in the United States. That year, they had 767.8 occurrences per 100,000 residents. Mississippi followed with 697.8 incidents per 100,000 residents. What is burglary?Burglary in the United States is considered a felony or misdemeanor. It includes trespassing and theft, going inside of a building or car, with the intent to commit any crime. Even if the crime is not necessarily theft, it is still illegal. Some states consider burglary committed during the day as housebreaking, not burglary. The Bureau of Justice Statistics defines it as unlawful or forcible entry into a building. There are four types of burglary in total: completed burglary, forcible entry, unlawful entry, and attempted forcible entry. Burglary in the United States Burglary affects all 50 states in the United States, as burglary was the third most common type of crime in the United States in 2018. California had the highest number of reported burglaries in that same year, whereas Wyoming had the lowest number. The Lake Charles, Louisiana metropolitan area had the highest burglary rate out of all metropolitan areas in the country. However, the overall reported burglary rate in the United States has decreased significantly since 1990. 
 In 2018/19 income tax receipts in the United Kingdom amounted to 132.2 billion British pounds, which when compared with 2000/01 was a net increase of 74.2 billion pounds. In the future, income tax receipts are expected to continue to rise. Income tax brackets The amount which workers in the United Kingdom pay in income tax is determined by how much they earn and falls into four income tax bands. All workers in the United Kingdom are entitled to earn a personal allowance of 12.5 thousand pounds before they are charged income tax. The Basic rate of 20 percent applies to income between 12.5 and 50 thousand pounds, with a higher rate of 40 percent charged on incomes that are between 50 and 150 thousand pounds. There is also an additional rate for earnings over 150 thousand pounds which has a tax rate of 45 percent. UK Government spending The government of the United Kingdom aims to spend approximately 256 billion on Social Protection on 2018/19, the most of any spending category. This was followed by spending on health, education and defense, at 166, 103, and 52 billion pounds respectively. 
 This statistic shows the production of soybeans in the United States from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, roughly 3.56 billion bushels of soybeans were produced in the country in 2019. Around 31.86 million metric tons of soybeans were exported to China that year. 
 In 2018, California had the highest Hispanic population in the United States, with over 15.5 million people claiming Hispanic heritage. Texas, Florida, New York, and Arizona rounded out the top five states. History of Hispanic people Hispanic people are those whose heritage stems from a former Spanish colony. The Spanish Empire colonized most of Central and Latin America in the 15th century, which began when Christopher Columbus arrived in the Americas in 1492. The Spanish Empire expanded its territory throughout Central America and South America, but the colonization of the United States did not include the Northeastern part of the United States. Despite the number of Hispanic people living in the United States having increased, the median income of Hispanic households has fluctuated slightly since 1990. Hispanic population in the United States Hispanic people are the second-largest ethnic group in the United States, making Spanish the second most common language spoken in the country. In 2018, about one-fifth of Hispanic households in the United States made between 50,000 to 74,999 U.S. dollars. The unemployment rate of Hispanic Americans has fluctuated significantly since 1990, but has been on the decline since 2010. 
 In January 2018, it was expected that house prices in the United Kingdom (UK) would increase in the following years. Forecasts indicated a cumulative growth of residential property prices between 2018 and 2022 of 12.6 percent. As of July 2018, the average price for a house in the UK was 231,163 British pounds. Brexit process created concerns This forecast was released before Brexit started to appear in the news, throwing a spanner in the works for any prediction on the UK’s future. The political uncertainty surrounding the idea of the UK leaving the European Union forced a decrease in the number of property transactions in the last months of 2018. Prices to increase the least in London The doubts on the housing market especially affected the city of London. Compared to other UK regions, the capital was forecast to see the lowest price growth after 2019 as opposed to price rises in the North West region, which includes cities such as Manchester, Liverpool, Preston and Blackpool. 
How many married couples are in the U.S.? In 2019, there were 61.96 million married couples in the United States. This is an increase from 40.2 million married couples in 1960. Marriage in the U.S. While the number of married couples in the U.S. has increased in the past few decades, this could very well just be due to population change, since while the U.S. population has been increasing, the marriage rate has decreased significantly since 1990. In addition, the divorce rate has almost halved since 1990 despite concerns that more people are getting divorced than in years past. Same-sex marriage in the U.S. After years of advocacy, same-sex marriage became legal in the United States in June 2015. The U.S. Supreme Court ruled that same-sex marriage was legal in a landmark ruling in the case of Obergefell v. Hodges. In 2015, a clear majority of Americans were in favor of the legalization of same-sex marriage, and approval has only been increasing in the years since. 
 The graph shows the percentage of the Chinese population living in urban areas until 2018. In 2018, about 59.8 percent of the total population lived in cities. Degree of urbanization in China – additional information Urbanization is generally defined as a process of people migrating from rural to urban areas, during which towns and cities are formed and increase in size. Even though urbanization is not exclusively a modern phenomenon, industrialization and modernization did accelerate its progress. As shown in the statistic at hand, the degree of urbanization of China, the world’s second-largest economy, rose from 39 percent in 2002 to around 51 percent in 2011. That year, the urban population surpassed the number of rural residents for the first time in the country’s history. According to the urbanization blueprint, issued in March 2013 by the Communist Party and State Council, China aims at reaching 70 percent urbanization by 2030.The urbanization rate varies greatly in different parts of China. While urbanization is lesser advanced in western or central China, in most coastal regions in eastern China more than two-thirds of the population lives already in cities. Among the ten largest Chinese cities in 2018, seven were located in coastal regions in East and South China.Brazil and Russia, two other BRIC countries, display a much higher degree of urbanization than China. On the other hand, in India, the country with the worlds’ second largest population, a mere 34.7 percent of the population lived in urban regions as of 2018. Similar to other parts of the world, the progress of urbanization in China is closely linked to modernization. From 2008 to 2018, the contribution of agriculture to the gross domestic product in China shrank from 10.73 percent to 7.2 percent. Even more evident was the decrease of workforce in agriculture. 
 The statistic shows the export of goods from China from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, goods worth approximately 2.26 trillion U.S. dollars had been exported from China. Export of goods from China – additional information According to the graph at hand, China’s exports have been growing steadily over the past decade, except in 2009 when financial crisis and global economic downturn slowed down global trade. Apart from being the most populous country, China has also become the largest manufacturing economy and the largest exporter in the world. Textile and apparel are among the very first products that had been manufactured and traded in China since the economic reforms started in 1978. Today, China has become the largest textile-producing and –exporting country worldwide. In 2013, the revenue of the Chinese textile industry ranged at roughly 526 billion U.S. dollars. As of 2012, China accounted for approximately 33.4 percent of the global textile exports, followed by the European Union and India with a share of 24.3 percent and 5.3 percent respectively. Textile manufacturing is labor-intensive. With rising labor costs and declining working-age population, China has been less attractive in comparison to other countries including Bangladesh and Cambodia, where the average monthly wage for a garment factory worker is much lower. In order to keep its export advantages, China has tried to move up the global value chain by a shift to high-end exports such as power devices and electronic products over the past years. In 2012, China was the top ranked global integrated circuits and electronic components exporter . 
 This statistic depicts the share of weekly craft beer drinkers in the United States in 2015, by generation. In that year, 57 percent of Millennials drank craft beer every week in the United States.Craft Beer in the United StatesCraft beer is paving the way for a new crop of beer makers! While the 1990's and early 2000's saw a big rise in brew pubs, the trend today leans more toward microbreweries that aim to distribute their product. Over the last couple of years, the number of new brewery openings has been at near unprecedented levels; the highest total since the 1880's. And every year, hundreds more are opening. In 2016, the craft brewing industry provided more than 128 thousand jobs across the country.The innovative nature of these craft brewers has driven the market. Many customers have grown tired of light lagers, which is what fueled the craft movement. The concept that every brewer is brewing something new and original has carved a lucrative niche into a once thought-to-be cornered market.Craft breweries have a few things working in their favor, perhaps the most important of which is a customer base that's culturally diverse. Brewers will also focus their marketing efforts on capturing the expanding consumer base represented by female consumers. Craft beer lovers also tend to stay abreast of local trends in the market and are generally eager to try something new. If they like what they taste, they quickly spread the word, meaning hometown customers can quickly become evangelists for a brewery's product as they visit and move to different cities. 
 This table ranks the 50 states of the United States and the District of Columbia by their unemployment rate. In December 2019, about 2.6 percent of Hawaii's population was unemployed. The highest unemployment rate recorded was in Alaska at 6.1 percent. Unemployment in the U.S. A person is considered unemployed if they have no job and are currently looking for a job and available to work. The unemployment rate in the United States varies across states. Nation-wide unemployment was 3.5 percent as of December 2019. Unemployment can be affected by various factors including economic conditions and global competition. During economic prosperity, unemployment rates generally decrease and during times of recession, rates increase. Many Americans believe that job creation should be one of the most important priorities set by the government. Since 1990, the country’s unemployment rate reached a low of 3.9 percent in 2018 and a high in 2010 at 9.6 percent. It has been argued that the definition of unemployment is too narrow and does not include some groups of people, such as the “underemployed” and the “hidden unemployed”, which account for about 3.3 million Americans. 
 In 2017, about 5.07 million babies were born in the European Union, a slight decrease from the year before. Of those 5.06 million, some 785,000 were born in Germany, the most of any EU member state. Live births are the births of children excluding stillbirths; a key figure that can provide insight to demographic analyses, such as population growth. Population growth in Europe Europe is the continent with the second highest life expectancy at birth and has favorable living conditions due to factors such as a stable economy, and a high quality of public health and medical care. The European Union’s population has remained securely around 500 million inhabitants, though it has been increasing slowly from 2008 to 2018. The country with the highest number of foreign-born residents in 2018 was Germany, with 13.7 million people. Managing an influx of refugees In recent years, the European Union has received an increase in immigrants and refugees, especially during the period beginning in 2015 known as the European refugee crisis. Factors influencing this increased immigration to Europe include violence, drought, and poverty in source countries. The EU country hosting the highest number of refugees right now is Germany, with over 970,000 people. 
 This statistic shows the number of planned nuclear reactors worldwide as of May 2019, by country. There were two nuclear power reactors planned in Iran. The Bushehr Nuclear Power Plant is the first nuclear power plant operating here. Nuclear reactors planned worldwideAs of May 2019, China and Russia have the largest number of planned nuclear reactors, totaling 43 and 24 reactors, respectively. Globally, both countries have a relatively high number of functioning nuclear reactors compared to other nations. In May 2019, the United States reported the highest number of functioning reactors, namely 98, followed by France with 58 reactors. In 2017, almost 72 percent of France’s electricity production was generated by nuclear power. About 40 percent of France’s population believes that nuclear energy use has more disadvantages than advantages. Formerly called atomic piles, nuclear reactors are used to start and control a nuclear chain reaction in power plants. The heat from the reaction is transferred to a working fluid which in turn, runs through turbines for both electricity generation and ship propulsion. Nuclear reactors can also be used in the creation of isotopes for medical or industrial purposes, as well as for weapons production. Early efforts to prevent nuclear proliferation began with government secrecy and have since evolved under the International Atomic Energy Agency founded by the United Nations. Nuclear reactor construction was much more widespread in the 1970s and peaked in 1976, when 42 reactors were being built globally. In 2017, there were four nuclear reactor construction starts worldwide. As of 2017, most operating reactors around the world have been running for 30 years or even longer. 
 This statistic shows the net revenue of Intel from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, Intel's revenue amounted to approximately 72 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees of Polo Ralph Lauren worldwide from 2009 to 2019. The New York-based fashion company Polo Ralph Lauren had approximately 24,300 employees worldwide as of 2019.Ralph Lauren CorporationThe company began in 1967 and is an internationally renowned brand. The company got its start by selling creatively designed neckties. Today, the Ralph Lauren Corporation is an upscale American lifestyle company and fashion retailer that focuses on high-end clothes for men and women, as well as accessories, footwear, fragrances, home (bedding, towels) and house wares. The company is considered to be one of the biggest apparel/accessories companies in the world, generating sales over six billion U.S. dollars.As part of its business, Ralph Lauren operates through three segments: Wholesale, Retail, and Licensing. It generates wholesale sales from major department stores and specialty stores located throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin America. The company also sells directly to consumers through retail stores located throughout North America, Europe, Asia, and Latin America; through concession-based shop-within-shops located primarily in Asia and Europe; and via its retail e-commerce channel in North America, Europe, and Asia. Ralph Lauren also licenses to unrelated third parties the right to operate retail stores and to use its trademarks in connection with making and selling designated products, such as apparel, eyewear, and fragrances in specified geographical areas for specified periods. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Switzerland from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Switzerland amounted to around 8.48 million people. See the figures for the population of Italy for comparison. Economy of Switzerland Switzerland maintains one of the most stable economies and has been revered as the most secure banking and investment safe haven in the world. The country is viewed as not only one of the most economically advanced countries, but also one of the most politically respected countries, primarily due to having exceptionally good relations with the majority of countries around the world. Despite being affected by recessions in the early and late 2000s, Switzerland sustained a sufficient economy through competent leadership, most notably when considering the amount of money the government spent in comparison to the amount of revenues earned from goods and services. Many countries around the world suffered economically due to overspending, which often indirectly led to higher unemployment rates. However, Switzerland sustained a relatively balanced and low unemployment rate through the years through adequate government spending as well as a high percentage of skilled workers occupying the country’s workforce. A strong economy, beautiful nature and overall distinctive cultures have made Switzerland one of the most visited tourist countries in the world. Additionally, Switzerland is also a relatively popular country to visit for business meetings due to its centralized location and well renowned reputation. 
 This statistic depicts the number of offshore rigs worldwide as of January 2018, sorted by region. At that point, there were 184 offshore rigs in the North Sea. Offshore rigs worldwide The North Sea and the Gulf of Mexico (United States) are home to many offshore rigs, totaling 184 rigs and 175 rigs, respectively as of January 2018. Offshore oil rigs enable producers to extract and process oil and natural gas through drilled wells. Rigs can also store the extracted products before being transported to land for refining and marketing. There are several different types of offshore rigs for use in both large lakes and oceans such as fixed platforms that are anchored directly onto the seabed by concrete or steel legs and tension-leg platforms that float but remain in place by being tethered to the seabed. Nevertheless, there are some risks involved with the operation of offshore drilling, including explosions and fires. Pemex (NOC) and Saudi Aramco (NOC) operate many of the world’s offshore oil and gas rigs with 45 units and 44 units, respectively. Transocean Ltd., a Swiss company, is one of the largest offshore drilling contractors. In 2016, the company generated an estimated 3.89 billion U.S. dollars in revenue, but is expected to decrease its earnings to 2.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Globally, the number of oil platforms is expected to rise from 389 units in 2010 to just short of 500 in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the most used instant messaging services on mobile phones in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2013. In 2013, 50 percent of the respondents used Whatsapp most on their mobile phone. The second most common result is Facebook Messenger (42 percent). WhatsApp is a well established instant messaging service mostly used by mobile phone owners between the age of 18 and 29. However, all age groups are utilizing this messaging service at some level. Snapchat is definitely less popular than WhatsApp as can be seen in this statistic. However, still more than half of all 18 to 29 year olds are using Snapchat in the UK. Mobile messaging retail revenue of operators has seen a steady continuous decrease from 2010 to 2015. This is in direct correlation with the rising use of instant messaging services that run through the internet instead of through the mobile network operators. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Turkey from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Turkey amounted to about 82 million people. Population of Turkey Although total population increased on a yearly basis from 2004 to 2014, population growth has slowly decreased annually as of 2011, despite remaining positive. However, in 2012, population growth increased, compared to the previous year for the first time in over a decade. The country’s fertility rate, on the other hand, continued to drop annually since 2002. Life expectancy was also rather low, however this value appears to be irrelative to how developed a country actually is, especially when considering the life expectancy of many other advanced countries. From an economic standpoint, Turkey has been noticeably improving, especially in comparison to 2008. One improved aspect can be found in the country’s employment rate. In 2009, unemployment reached a decade high but dropped dramatically yearly until 2012. However since 2012, the unemployment rate has started to increase again, with this trend continuing into 2014. Turkey’s inflation rate, on the other hand, reached a decade low in 2014 compared to 2013, despite continuous fluctuations since 2008. The country’s GDP has also reached a decade high in 2014, more than doubling its value since 2004, despite a significant plunge in 2009. When analyzing year-over -year trends, GDP has continued to positively grow since 2009, however has slowed down since 2012. 
 Switzerland has one of the highest natural gas prices in the world at about 73.5 U.S. dollars per megawatt hour in 2018; in comparison, the natural gas price in the United States was about 13.9 U.S. dollars per megawatt hour. Determining natural gas prices Like other commodities, natural gas prices are driven by supply and demand trends. It may also be dependent on the crude oil and petroleum markets. In the United States, natural gas prices were typically associated with oil prices, but the market has decoupled from oil markets in recent years. In the U.S., the natural gas market is split between the financial (futures) market, based on the NYMEX futures contract, and the physical market, based on the price paid for deliveries of natural gas. Natural gas demand Global primary energy demand from natural gas is highest in the United States and Europe. Globally, only a small portion of demand is for power generation, and is rather used by industry, buildings, and transport among other industries. The world’s largest natural gas consumers are the United States, Russia, and China. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the St. Louis / Los Angeles Rams from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Los Angeles Rams was 71,229. The franchise moved to Los Angeles before the 2016 season. 
 This statistic shows the year-over-year growth of holiday retail sales in the United States from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, holiday retail sales were forecast to grow by approximately four percent compared to the previous year. Holiday Season in the United States The holiday season is just around the corner and it’s truly the best time of the year for both consumers and retailers of all shapes and sizes. Since the recession in 2008, Christmas holiday retail sales in the United States have grown steadily. In 2018, Christmas retail sales were forecast to grow to about 729.3 billion U.S. dollars; a fourpercent increase from the previous year. The amount of money that U.S. consumers plan to spend on gifts has fluctuated year to year. A survey revealed that 41 percent of Millennial U.S. holiday shoppers planned on researching online before visiting a store in 2017. Black Friday is also the day most Millennials plan to begin their holiday shopping; roughly 50 percent according to a Statista survey. For millions of people, Black Friday is the time to do some serious Christmas shopping -- even before the last of the Thanksgiving leftovers are gone! It is the Friday after Thanksgiving, and it is one of the major shopping days of the year in the United States -falling anywhere between November 23 and 29. While it is not recognized as an official U.S. holiday, many employees have the day off -except those working in retail. Ever since the start of the modern Macy's Thanksgiving Day Parade in 1924, the Friday after Thanksgiving has been known as the unofficial start to a bustling holiday shopping season. 
 This statistic shows U.S. shale gas production between 1999 and 2017, with projections until 2050. In 2050, the United States is expected to produce around 35.24 trillion cubic feet of shale gas. According to the source, shale gas refers to natural gas that is trapped within shale formations. U.S. shale gas production - additional information The production of shale gas in the United States has increased dramatically since 2000 from about 300 billion cubic feet to 16.54 trillion cubic feet in 2016, and is expected to reach about 33.4 trillion cubic feet in 2050. Shale gas is a natural gas found within shale formations, a type of fine-grained sedimentary rock. High oil and gas prices, as well as recent developments in oil and gas extraction - like horizontal drilling and hydraulic fracturing (fracking) - have made shale gas economically viable to produce. WTI crude oil prices is now about 59.9 U.S. dollars and its price fluctuations may heavily impact the fracking boom. It is expected that shale gas production will be concentrated primarily in regions such as Northeastern United States and the Gulf Coast, reaching some five trillion cubic feet and 4.4 trillion cubic feet, respectively, of production in 2035. Direct income from shale gas production-related labor is also expected to increase in the next few decades, reaching 41.9 billion U.S. dollars by 2035. The vast presence of U.S. shale gas production will allow for continued domestic use of natural gas. The Huron Shale, located in Kentucky, West Virginia, and Virginia cost approximately 1.7 million U.S. dollars, comparatively, Mexico’s Mexico Shale cost about 15.1 million U.S. dollars. However, the process of fracking has become a widely debated issue due to its environmental impacts, most notably, its water usage and its impact on aquatic ecosystems. In the United Kingdom, almost half of the citizens believed that using fracking to extract shale gas would eventually have a positive effect on the nation’s economy. 
 British online fashion retailer ASOS plc is amongst the leading apparel brands with the highest brand value worldwide, ranking alongside retailers who sell both online and in-store. In the six-year period between 2012 and 2019, ASOS quadrupled its worldwide revenue and reached 2.73 billion British pounds as can be seen in this statistic. Asos wins over the EU market ASOS’s revenue growth is paralleled with its expansion of its shopper base. Even though the UK remains to be the most lucrative region where ASOS generates the highest retail sales, the British fashion e-retailer increased its activity in the EU market at an impressive rate. In the fiscal year 2017/2018, ASOS recorded significant growth on the previous year in retail sales across European Union and stood out amongst other key markets. ASOS remains online-only In the current fashion retail environment where many high street retailers are going multichannel, ASOS still persists in its pureplay strategy. In 2018, asos.com net e-commerce sales in the UK put the multi-brand retailer in the same league with brick and mortar retailers’ online platforms with over 1 billion British pounds worth of net sales in the fashion segment. 
 This statistic shows the annual sales of state lotteries in the United States from 2009 to 2016. In 2016, sales of state lotteries reached approximately 80.55 billion U.S. dollars, up from 73.87 billion the previous year. In 2016, the state with the highest lottery sales was New York, with around 9.7 billion U.S. dollars in sales. In the same year, state lotteries transferred a profit of 22.57 billion U.S. dollars to state and local governments. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi (EUR CNY), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the early days of the euro in 2001 up until 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: this denotes concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2001 and 2007, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Chinese Yuan Renminbi noted an overall increase. In 2007, the euro to Chinese Yuan Renminbi annual average exchange rate was equal to 10.42, which meant that one euro could buy 10.42 Chinese Yuan Renminbi. By 2019, this value had decreased overall, to a value of 7.74, which meant that one euro could buy 7.74 Chinese Yuan Renminbi. 
 This statistic shows the total number of emigrants from Canada from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, approximately 61,815 people emigrated from Canada to another country. At this time, the majority of emigrants from Canada came from the province of Ontario, accounting for around 27,070 emigrants, whereas 12,478 emigrants came from British Columbia, the second largest number of any province. 
 This statistic shows the number of Olive Garden restaurants in North America from 2000 to 2019. At the end of the 2019 fiscal year, there were 866 Olive Garden restaurants in North America. Olive Garden is owned by Darden Restaurants. 
 This graph depicts Activision Blizzard's net annual revenue from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, Activision's annual revenue amounted to 7.15 billion U.S. dollars. Activision Blizzard publishes games such as Call of Duty, Guitar Hero, StarCraft and World of Warcraft. Alongside WoW that continues to successfully sell new expansions packs for the game, Call of Duty is another profitable title carried by Activision. The franchise has sold millions of copies in its long lifetime. As for Activision itself, the company managed to secure a spot in a ranking of leading global companies in 2017, based on gaming revenue. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 32.99 U.S. dollars. MLB average ticket price – additional information The average ticket price in the Major League Baseball has consistently grown over the years. Spectators paid an average of 22.21 U.S. dollars to watch a MLB game in 2006. In 2019, the average ticket price stood at 32.99 U.S. dollars. The average annual revenue per team has consistently risen at a healthy pace as well, going from around 170 million U.S. dollars in 2006 to more than 330 million U.S. dollars in 2018. The ticketing revenue, on the other hand, has remained fairly consistent since 2009, varying between 2.25 to 2.8 billion U.S. dollars. Ticketing is a key revenue stream for the league. Its share of the total MLB revenue however has been declining since 2009, when tickets sales accounted for just over 38 percent of the league’s total revenue. In 2017, this figure is under 30 percent. The average ticket price per team varies greatly within the MLB. In 2019, the most expensive tickets - on average - were for the Chicago Cubs with an average price of 59.49 U.S. dollars. The Arizona Diamondbacks had the lowest average ticket price in MLB in 2019. The Boston Red Sox are the only other team with an average ticket price of more than 50 U.S. dollars. The Chicago Cubs also have the highest Fan Cost Index in the MLB, that is, the estimated costs for taking a family to a MLB game. A family of four would spent almost 370 U.S. dollars on tickets, refreshments and merchandise at a Chicago Cubs game in 2019. The Boston Red Sox also have the second highest Fan Cost Index, with per game expense of 354 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Chicago Cubs games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 59.49 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the National Football League franchise, New England Patriots, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the franchise generated a revenue of 600 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the numbers of earthquakes worldwide from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, a total of 1,637 earthquakes with magnitude of five or more were recorded worldwide. Additional information on the effects of earthquakes While the technology used to find the source of and record earthquakes has improved since the 20th century, the ability of scientists to predict earthquakes is still severely limited. As earthquakes happen numerous times every day, the issue for policy makers and city planners isn't if an earthquake will occur, but how powerful it will be. Large earthquakes generally result in higher death tolls in developing countries or countries where building codes are less stringent. China has suffered from a number of strong earthquakes that have resulted in extremely high death tolls. While earthquakes occur around the globe along the various tectonic plate boundaries, a significant proportion occur around the basin of the Pacific Ocean in what is referred to as the Ring of Fire due to the high degree of tectonic activity. Many of the countries in the Ring of Fire, including Japan, Chile, the United States and New Zealand, led the way in earthquake policy and science as a result. The tragic loss of life is not the only major negative effect of earthquakes, a number of earthquakes have caused billions of dollars worth of damage to infrastructure and private property. The high cost of damage in the 2011 Fukushima and Christchurch earthquakes in Japan and New Zealand respectively demonstrates that even wealthy, developed countries who are experienced in dealing with earthquakes are ill-equipped when the large earthquakes hit. 
 In 2018/19 income tax receipts in the United Kingdom amounted to 191 billion British pounds, which when compared with 2000/01 was a net increase of 86 billion pounds. The amount which workers in the United Kingdom pay in income tax is determined by how much they earn and falls into four income tax bands. All workers in the United Kingdom are entitled to earn a personal allowance of 12.5 thousand pounds before they are charged income tax. The Basic rate of 20 percent applies to income between 12.5 and 50 thousand pounds, with a higher rate of 40 percent charged on incomes that are between 50 and 150 thousand pounds. There is also an additional rate for earnings over 150 thousand pounds which has a tax rate of 45 percent. UK Government spending The government of the United Kingdom aims to spend approximately 256 billion on Social Protection on 2018/19, the most of any spending category. This was followed by spending on health, education and defense, at 166, 103, and 52 billion pounds respectively. 
 This statistic shows the retail e-commerce sales compound annual growth rate from 2019 to 2023 in leading countries. According to Statista calculations, India will rank first in terms of B2C e-commerce development with a compound annual growth rate of 17.8 in the projected period. Online shopping is one of the most popular internet activities worldwide - with some product categories being more popular than others. 
 This statistic shows the Ukrainian inflation rate from 1994 to 2018 compared to the previous year, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ukraine's inflation rate increased by 10.95 percent compared to 2017. 
 This statistic shows the number of internet users in Malaysia from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 25.3 million people were accessing the internet in Malaysia. This figure is projected to grow to 29.4 million in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Qatar from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Qatar amounted to about 0.23 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Indonesia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Indonesia amounted to around 3,870.56 U.S. dollars. Indonesia's gross domestic product on the rise Indonesia has the largest economy in Southeast Asia is considered one of the most important emerging market economies in the world. Indonesia is a member of the G-20 economies and a founding member of ASEAN. It has one of the largest gross domestic products in the world: In 2014, the Indonesian GDP was reported to exceed 856 billion U.S. dollars. GDP in Indonesia has been increasing rapidly and in 2011, it was estimated that it had grown by more than 6.4 percent in comparison to the previous year. That same year, global GDP amounted to more than 72 trillion U.S. dollars - with the exception of 2009, global GDP has been continuously increasing each year over the past decade. Based on purchasing power parity, Indonesia's share in the global GDP is significantly higher than that of other major economies, and in 2014 was almost on the same level with France and higher than the UK's share. According to a forecast by Goldman Sachs, Indonesia will be among the 15 countries with the largest gross domestic product worldwide by 2030. In addition, the gross domestic product per capita in Indonesia has also undergone a rapid increase. Over the past decade, GDP per capita in Indonesia has quadrupled, a remarkable feat seldom seen in any economy. 
 This statistic shows the sales made by Qdoba company-owned restaurants from 2011 to 2018. Qdoba, owned by Jack in the Box Inc., generated restaurant sales of approximately 192.62 million U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic depicts the total number of marriages in France from 2004 to 2018. In 2005 the number of marriages amounted to over 283 thousand, this was the highest number of marriages recorded during the 14 year period. Same-sex marriage was legalized in France in 2013, Since then the number of same-sex marriages in France reached 7,751 marriages in 2015, with the highest number recorded the previous year with 10,522 nuptials. In general, France would come in second in a statistic with reference to number of marriages in Europe in 2014, excluding seven European countries for which data was unavailable to the source. By comparison, the number of divorces in France has also been declining by a rate of 8 percent between 2004 and 2014. In the most recent surveyed year, the number of divorces amounted to 120.5 thousand, roughly 30 thousand divorces less than in 2005 at their highest. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Premier League club Manchester United from 2009 to 2019. In the fiscal year 2019, Manchester United generated around 796.4 million U.S. dollars in revenue. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in the United States from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, the United States had close to 275 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 310.1 million internet users in 2022. The United States are one of the biggest online markets worldwide. 
 This graph shows automotive electronics cost as a share of total car cost from 1970 to 2030. Electronics systems have vastly improved vehicle safety over the evolution of the car, such as airbags and anti-lock braking systems. In 2030, it is forecasted that on average, electronic systems will account for half of the total price of a new car. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Malaysia from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, it is estimated that there will be around 26.1 million social network users in the country, up from 22.7 million in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Poland from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Poland amounted to around 37.98 million inhabitants. Population and economy of Poland Poland is the sixth most populated country in the EU, and the ninth most populated one in Europe. After experiencing a minor decline in population from the mid to late 2000s, Poland’s populace has gradually risen annually. Based on current trends, it is estimated that Poland will suffer a population decrease of roughly 4 million in 2050, an estimate that is highly plausible due to the ongoing financial crisis in Europe. A reason for the country’s slow but certain growth in population could be its economic upturn that has seen momentous improvements over the past decade. Due to industrialization during Russian-ruled Congress Poland as well as the Great Depression, Poland suffered from high amounts of unemployment. However, demand for jobs dramatically increased during the mid 21st century, causing unemployment to plummet. Interestingly, Poland is one of the few countries that reported an unemployment rate which was lower than during the years prior to the global financial crisis. A further indication of economic upturn is evident in the country’s gross domestic product, which is primarily an indicator of economic strength and production in a country. Poland’s GDP trend coincides with its unemployment rate, having doubled in value and maintained a higher GDP compared to the years prior to the financial crisis of 2008. 
 It is a painful reality for many internet users that not all online connections are created equally – this is something that online users in low-density and rural U.S. states can attest to. According to August 2018 data, New Jersey was the U.S. state with the fastest internet connection with an average connection speed of 52 Mbps. Montana ranked last with an average connection speed of 20.3 Mbps. Internet speed in the United States There are many U.S. cities that are bustling hubs for tech companies and startups and it is no surprise that connectivity and innovation go hand in hand. According to data from the third quarter of 2018, Kansas City, Missouri had access to fixed internet connections with the fastest average download speed in the United States at 159.19 Megabits per second and also scored highest for average upload speed with 127.03 Mbps. In 2011, Kansas City, MO was selected as one of the first cities to receive Google Fiber, Google’s then newly launched broadband internet service. Other notable metro areas in the ranking of the cities with the fastest upload and download speeds include Texas tech heavyweights Austin and San Antonio, as well as San Francisco, California and Boston, Massachusetts. Mobile internet connectivity in the United States As of the first quarter of 2019, over 40 percent of website traffic in the United States was via mobile device. Mobile internet adoption is driven by availability and cost – in 2018, the estimated average price of cellular data per gigabyte in the United States was 4.64 U.S. dollars. However, the cost per mobile GB is projected to decrease to 2.75 U.S. dollars by 2023. In the third quarter of 2018, Minneapolis, Minnesota had access to the fastest average mobile download speed in the United States at 44.92 Megabits per second, and also scored highest for average upload speed with 14.26 Mbps. 
 This line graph illustrates the number of road traffic fatalities per year in Russia between 2006 and 2018. In 2009, 27,659 individuals were killed in motor vehicle accidents. An overall decrease in the number of road deaths was observed within the time period shown. The highest number of road fatalities in this timeframe occurred in 2007.From 2010 to 2017, the number of road fatalities declined from 26,567 to 19,088, a decline of almost 13 percent. However, this significant decline was not a steady one, with the number of road fatalities in the Russian Federation rising from 2010 to 2012. In 2012 the number of road fatalities in the Russian Federation reached 27,991, an increase of approximately five percent from 2010 to 2012. After this peak in road fatalities in Russia the numbers began to decline, decreasing from 27,991 in 2012 to 19,088 in 2017, a decline in road fatalities of approximately 32 percent.In 2018, there were 18,214 road fatalities in the Russian Federation, the current low point during the time period observed in this statistic. 
 This statistic shows the global inflation rate compared to previous year from 2014 to 2024*. In 2019, the inflation rate worldwide amounted to approximately 3.41 percent compared to the previous year. Inflation rates worldwide Inflation is often defined as the continued increase in the general level of prices of goods and services. Global economy has suffered immensely since the global financial crisis in 2008 and that has caused global inflation to increase. The highest recorded global inflation of the past decade in comparison with the previous year took place in 2008, when it increased by more than 6.4 percent in comparison to the global inflation rate in 2007. The global regions with the highest year-on-year inflation rate in 2014 are the Middle East and North Africa, as well as Africa Sub-Sahara. The nations in the world with the highest inflation rates in 2015 were Venezuela and Ukraine. Interestingly, in 2015, the inflation rate in Venezuela was approximately three times as high as the inflation rate in Ukraine. As a result of a global economic downturn, the lack of a sufficient central bank, and the rise in interest rates, the cost of living in the Middle East has also become much higher than in industrialized countries. The inflation rate in industrialized countries in 2015 was just about 0.35 percent. Meanwhile, the inflation rate in the Middle East and North Africa amounted to more than 6.2 percent. Due to economical progress following the global financial crisis, developed countries in the European Union and the euro area set forth economic strategies to strengthen their economy and maintain a stable economy. In addition, stagnant worker wages and a hesitation from banks to easily distribute loans to ordinary citizens have also caused the inflation rate in the euro zone to be relatively low. In 2015, Grenada and Switzerland reported the lowest inflation rates in 2015 in comparison to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the New England Patriots of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value of the New England Patriots was 4.1 billion U.S. dollars. The current owner Robert Kraft bought the franchise in 1994 for 172 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Romania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Romania amounted to about 4.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of smartphones sold to end users worldwide from 2007 to 2020. In 2018, around 1.56 billion smartphones were sold worldwide. In the first quarter of 2019, around 88 percent of all smartphones sold to end users were phones with the Android operating system. Smartphone end user sales - additional information In 2016, the number of smartphones sold to consumers stood at around 1.5 billion units, a significant increase from the 680 million units sold in 2012. This means that over 28 percent of the world’s total population owned a smart device in 2016, a figure that is expected to increase to 37 percent by 2020. In the same year smartphone penetration is set to reach 60.5 percent in North America as well as in Western Europe. This is a large rise in the 29.3 percent of people in North America and 22.7 percent of Western Europeans who had smartphones in 2011. In the United States alone, sales of smartphones are projected to be worth around 55.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2017, an increase from 18 billion dollars in 2010. By 2017, it is forecast that almost 84 percent of all mobile users in the United States will own a smartphone, an increase from the 27 percent of mobile users in 2010. The Chinese smartphone market is also on the rise with over 538 million units of smartphones forecast to be sold in 2016. This is a huge increase from the 80.7 million that were sold in 2011. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New England Patriots games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 127.04 U.S. dollars. 
 This forecast shows the number of smartphone users in Canada from 2013 to 2023. For 2019, the number of smartphone users in Canada is estimated to reach 26.6 million. Smartphone users in Canada – additional information Smartphones are mobile phones that have more advanced computing capabilities and connectivity than regular mobile phones. Starting with the introduction of the Apple iPhone in 2007, smartphones have risen in popularity. In 2007, around 120 million smartphones were sold worldwide. By 2014, this figure had already passed 1.2 billion. Over a third of the world’s population is projected to own a smartphone by 2017.The number of smartphone users worldwide is expected to reach 2.56 billion by 2018. In Canada, the smartphone market is an important segment of the telecommunication industry, given that the country is amongst the leaders in regards to the share of mobile phone subscribers who use smartphones. The smartphone penetration rate is expected to increase in the next few years, and reach about 65 percent of mobile users by 2017. Apart from the basic features of smartphones such as making phone calls and sending text messages, Canadians use their smartphones for a range of activities. They use their devices primarily to take photos and videos, check the time and weather. Canadians also check emails, search the web and visit social networks on their smartphones on a weekly basis. When they are on the go, many Canadian smartphone users look up directions or search for a new restaurant on their mobile devices. 
 The population in Malaysia grew to 32.4 million people in 2018. This is in line with a steady positive trend that has been happening since at least 2014 and is forecast to continue until at least 2024, as well as with the growth rates in other ASEAN countries. Malaysian demographics As the fertility rate slowly declines, the population growth rate should slowly decline as well. However, since life expectancy is also slowly increasing, this can still fuel population growth, as we see in this statistic. In Malaysia, this is leading to a healthy age structure, with a large group of working-age people who are able to support a smaller number of old and young people. Economic effects A growing population should lead to an increasing gross domestic product (GDP), simply because more people means more consumers and workers. This is especially effective if the country is at full employment. Given the generally low level of unemployment in Malaysia, it is fairly safe to assume that this is true. 
 The statistic shows the number of NGOs with consultative status with ECOSOC from 1948 to 2010. In 2010, 3382 global organizations had consultative status with ECOSOC. Non-governmental organizations As shown in the statistic above, the number of non-governmental organizations, also known as NGOs, has significantly increased over the last decades. Non-governmental organizations are usually set up by foundations or private persons and the organizations are neither part of the government nor a profit business. One characteristic is the charitable orientation of the non-governmental organizations. The largest non-government donator in year 2009, which was the World Food Programme (WFP), donated around 2.15 million Euros, while the second largest non-governmental organization, the United Nations High Commissioner for Refugees (UNHCR), provided aid and relief to the value of 1 million Euros in year 2009. The United States led the ranking of the largest development aid donors in 2012, with an amount of 30.92 billion U.S. dollars. In comparison to that, Luxembourg was on rank 23 with 0.41 billion U.S. dollars. One of the countries, which received the largest amount of aid worldwide in 2011, was Pakistan. In that year, Pakistan received about 1.4 billion U.S. dollars, according to the data of the Global Humanitarian Assistance. Afghanistan was on rank 4 and received about 771 million U.S. dollars worth of aid the same year. A survey among Afghans concerning the misappropriation of foreign aid in Afghanistan, which was held by the Afghan Center for Socio-Economic and Opinion Research in December 2010, found out that 67 percent of the respondents thought that a lot of foreign aid was being embezzled, while 27 percent of the participants thought that only a little of the foreign aid was being embezzled. 
 The global advertising market experienced some fairly turbulent times between 2000 and 2010, seeing growth rates as high as 11.3 percent as well as lows reaching -9.5 percent during that time period. However, since 2011 the situation has stabilized, and advertising spending growth remained on average at roughly five percent. According to projections, in 2022 ad spending will have grown by 4.5 percent. Global advertising in 2021 Not surprisingly, the internet will be the largest advertising medium in 2022, accounting for a little over half of global ad expenditures that year. Television, which has been the undisputed favorite among advertisers, will be overtaken by digital media. Between 2018 and 2021 TV is forecast to lose close to 4.3 billion U.S. dollars, while mobile internet is expected to gain 90 billion dollars in the same period. Half of major media, except for mobile internet, cinema, outdoor and radio are projected to lose investments in those three years. All in all, North America will still be the most prominent region, with the U.S. poised to hold the crown for the largest advertising market in 2021. Canada and Mexico will take the second and third spots within the region, but on a global scale are not predicted to rank anywhere close to the top three markets. As a matter of fact, Asian countries, China and Japan will close the top three, making Asia the second leading region in terms of ad expenditures. 
 The statistic depicts the median age of the population in the United Kingdom from 1950 to 2050*. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of United Kingdom's population was 40 years. Population of the United Kingdom The United Kingdom (UK) includes Great Britain (England, Scotland and Wales) and Northern Ireland, and is a state located off the coast of continental Europe. The United Kingdom is a constitutional monarchy, which means the Queen acts as representative head of state, while laws and constitutional issues are discussed and passed by a parliament. The total UK population figures have been steadily increasing, albeit only slightly, over the last decade; in 2011, the population growth rate was lower than in the previous year for the first time in eight years. Like many other countries, the UK and its economy were severely affected by the economic crisis in 2009. Since then, the unemployment rate has doubled and is only recovering slowly. UK inhabitants tend to move to the cities to find work and better living conditions; urbanization in the United Kingdom has been on the rise. At the same time, population density in the United Kingdom has been increasing due to several factors, for example, the rising number of inhabitants and their life expectancy at birth, an increasing fertility rate, and a very low number of emigrants. In fact, the United Kingdom is now among the 20 countries with the highest life expectancy at birth worldwide. As can be seen above, the median age of UK residents has also been increasing significantly since the seventies; another indicator for a well-working economy and society. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New York Yankees games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 47.62 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the number of deaths in Afghanistan due to terrorism between year 2007 and 2018. In 2018, 9,961 people were killed by terrorists in Afghanistan. Afghanistan suffered from 1,294 terrorist attacks that year. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in Greece from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Greece was at 0.77 percent compared to the previous year. For comparison, inflation in India amounted to 9.44 percent that same year. 
 This statistic shows the Retail Price Index (RPI) in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2000 to 2018. During this period, the RPI rose to 281.6 points. With the exception of 2009 - which the annual percentage change to RPI shows as a decrease - there was an increase in the index every year. The UK Retail Price Index of services shows that there was also steady growth throughout this period, although this trend was not mirrored by the UK Retail Price Index of goods whereby there was some initial fluctuation which was then followed by substantial annual increases. Fluctuation can also be found in monthly RPI, whereby RPI experienced a decline in each January, before gradually increasing throughout the remainder of the year. A very similar trend is found in the monthly Retail Price Index Jevons (RPIJ). In addition, an RPI inflation forecast is also accessible. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Brazil from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Brazilian population was 31.4 years. Brazil as a developing nation The average age of the Brazil’s population has risen from a low of 18.2 years in 1965 to 31.2 years in 2015, a typical change in developing nations, and other demographic parameters support this trend: As of 2014, the share of children under 14 years of age stood at around 23.5 percent, a great improvement from earlier times. Since 2005, the fertility rate has also dropped significantly, but now it is even lower than the natural replacement rate at 1.78 children per woman. Over the same period of time, life expectancy has also risen to 74.4 years of age - higher than the average for developing nations. These changes typically happen as a result of developing countries becoming more modernized and economically diverse. Brazil’s economy had been getting significantly stronger and per capita GDP peaked in 2011 at a much higher value than the regional average for Latin America and the Caribbean. However, the Brazilian economy has reached a difficult point, and GDP per capita is expected to fall to as low as 7,447 U.S. dollars in 2016. As Brazil’s demographics are now similar to other developing countries, the economy has not been able to maintain a similar path to steady growth. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate of the Ukraine from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate of the Ukraine amounted to approximately 9.31 percent of the total labor force. The economic situation in Ukraine Amid the political and economic crisis, Ukraine’s unemployment is rising. When Russia seized and annexed Crimea in March of 2014, pro-Russian President Viktor Yanukovych was also ousted and the economy of Ukraine took a hard hit. This resulted in sharp reductions in Ukraine’s GDP, and likely caused a sharp increase in unemployment as well. Before the turmoil, Russia was Ukraine’s most important import and export partner, having a significant impact on GDP after tension arose. Meanwhile, Ukraine was and still is getting itself out of economic despair; Ukraine has amassed more debt with the IMF than Greece and is trying to reduce this debt by implementing hyper-austerity, which involves making cuts to public spending. Spending on unemployment and disability insurance is a part of these cuts, which is not ideal for the Ukrainian people considering that the unemployment rate is expected to reach a rate of 11.47 percent in 2015. In times of increasing unemployment, a struggling economy and an inflation rate reaching almost 50 percent, 2015 is and will be a tough, if not desastrous year for the Ukrainian people. However, the outlook beyond 2015 is brighter and hopefully unemployment will drop beyond its peak in 2015. 
 Since 1980 the U.S. birth rate for twins has risen significantly. As of 2018 the birth rate for twins in the U.S. was 32.6 per 1,000 live births. It is believed that an increase in the twin birth rate may be associated with an increased use of vitro fertilization and other assisted reproductive technologies in recent years. U.S. twin births Across the U.S. twin birth rates vary in a variety of ways. The U.S. states with the highest twin birth rates are Connecticut and the District of Columbia. Ethnicity is another factor to be considered when investigating the twin birth rate. Since 1980 the U.S. twin birth rate has increased among all ethnicities, however, it has increased more among non-Hispanic black mothers and less among Hispanic mothers. And finally, age is another important factor in twin birth rates. As of 2018, mothers between the ages of 45-54 had the highest twin birth rates in the United States. Assisted reproductive technology Assisted reproductive technology (ART) is a treatment used to treat infertility among men and women. A common complication associated with ART is multiple births (twins, triplets, etc.). In the U.S., among all ART pregnancies the most common outcome was a single infant birth, followed by multiple infant births. Among all U.S. ART cycles (including those that did not lead to pregnancy) using non-donor eggs or embryos multiple-fetus pregnancy may be present in up to six percent of cases. 
 The statistic shows the total population in the United States from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of the U.S. amounted to approximately 327.35 million inhabitants. The United States' economy over the last decade The United States of America is the world’s largest national economy and the second most prominent trader globally, trailing just behind China. The country is also one of the most populated countries in the world, trailing only China and India. The United States' economy prospers primarily due to having a plentiful amount of natural resources and advanced infrastructure to cope with the production of goods and services, as well as the population and workforce to enable high productivity. Efficient productivity led to a slight growth in GDP almost every year over the past decade, despite undergoing several economic hardships towards the late 2000's. In addition, the United States holds arguably one of the most important financial markets, with the majority of countries around the world having commercial connections with American companies. Dependency on a single market like the United States has however caused several global dilemmas, most evidently seen during the 2008 financial crisis. What initially started off as a bursting of the U.S. housing bubble lead to a worldwide recession and the necessity to reform national economics. The global financial crisis affected the United States most drastically, especially within the unemployment market as well as national debt, which continued to rise due to the United States having to borrow money in order to stimulate its economy. 
 This statistic shows the number of people employed in the coal mining industry in the United Kingdom (UK) from 1920 to 2018. Once a major powerhouse of the UK's economy, the coal industry was the lifeblood of several regions, providing employment for more than one million workers. Since that time, shifting attitudes towards coal and the emergence of alternative energy sources such as wind and solar have seen coal's role in the UK's energy mix diminish in recent years. There are fewer coal mines in operation, and the price of coal has fallen, making the production and consumption of coal a less attractive prospect than it used to be. Each of these factors has lead to the coal industry contracting, and the loss of coal mining jobs. With the exception of South and Central America, and the Asia Pacific region, most regions around the world saw a drop in coal consumption. North America, for example, reported a decline of 6 percent from 2017 to 2018. The shrinking number of jobs has not been isolated to the UK, with a similar reductions seen in the United States.
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Singapore from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in Singapore is expected to reach 4.5 million, up from four million in 2017. Further information With more than 2 billion monthly active users, Facebook is the most popular social network worldwide. Popular activities on the social network include watching videos, liking content via button, reading articles and messaging friends on 1-1 basis. In July 2016, Facebook Messenger surpassed one billion monthly active users, placing it directly next to Facebook-owned competitor WhatsApp. Facebook successfully managed the transition from social network to mobile social platform, nearing one billion monthly active users and with mobile accounting for 77 percent of the social network’s total advertising revenue in 2015. Mobile is also the keyword regarding the online market in Singapore; in 2017, 3.55 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2021, this figure is projected to amount to 4.07 million mobile phone internet users. As of July 2016, the internet penetration among the population in Singapore was 82.5 percent. A total of 3.7 million users access social media via mobile on a monthly basis, making the country one of the smallest Facebook markets in the Southeast Asian region. The average internet connection speed in Singapore is 16.5 Mbps, ranking fourth behind market leader’s, South Korea’s, average speed of 29 Mbps. Singapore also ranked fifth in terms of internet freedom in Asia according to the Freedom House Index in 2015. 
 This statistic shows information on the annual revenue development of Zalando from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, Zalando generated roughly 5.39 billion euros in revenues, an increase compared to the previous year at 4.49 billion euros. Revenues grew from six million euros in 2009. Zalando is a Berlin-based fashion e-tailer specializing in shoes and clothing from a wide range of different brands. The company was founded in Germany in 2008 and since expanded its operations to multiple other countries in Europe and worldwide. 
 The statistic shows the size of the virtual private network (VPN) market worldwide, from 2016 to 2022. In 2022, the global VPN market is forecast to reach 35.73 billion U.S. dollars. Virtual private networks are designed to extend a network securely from a private location, such as a business or home, across a public network, as if the network were directly linked. VPNs are popular among consumers for obfuscating their real location, whether to access geo-blocked services or bypass censorship or other restrictions. Among enterprises, VPNs are often set up to allow employees to access corporate intranets while travelling or working from home. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Malaysia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 76.04 percent of Malaysia's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Urban areas in Malaysia Malaysia is currently one of the most urbanized countries of East Asia, and also one of the most rapidly urbanized regions around the world; over the last ten years, the urban population in Malaysia has increased from around 66 percent in 2004 to 74 percent in 2014. This growth is expected to continue, as people from rural areas migrate to urban areas due to the economy and employment continuing to shift from agriculture to industry and services. At present, the largest city in terms of population is Kuala Lumpur, which is home to around 1.31 million inhabitants - which is still relatively small, considering that the entire population of Malaysia amounts to around 31 million. Malaysia is also home to a number of smaller urban areas, and there are three other urban areas with more than 500,000 inhabitants. Urban areas in Malaysia, notably Kuala Lumpur, are less dense than is common for urban areas in East Asia. This means that dealing with and limiting sprawl will be a challenge. As the urban transformation continues, there is still a chance to find a balance between urban and rural settlements in an equitable, compact and sustainable manner. 
 This statistic presents the total number of Costco card holders worldwide from 2014 to 2019. For the 52 weeks ended on September 1, 2019, there were approximately 98.5 million Costco cardholders all over the world. 
 This statistic shows the forecasted annual growth in worldwide spending in the telecom services industry from 2019 to 2023. Global telecom services spending is projected to grow by 0.62 percent in 2019 compared to 2018. 
 The statistic represents John Deere's (Deere & Company's) net sales worldwide from 2001 to 2019. In 2016, the company had net sales of about 23.4 billion U.S. dollars. The company's net income amounted to about 1,521 million U.S. dollars in that year. 
 As of February 2020, California had the most mass shootings in the United States, with 20 total shootings since 1982. The source defines a mass shooting as a shooting where four or more people were killed. Firearms in the U.S. Mass shootings in the United States are disturbingly common. In comparison with other Western countries, there are significantly more shootings in the U.S., which some theorize is due to the relatively lax gun control laws. Gun control laws in the U.S. are dependent on the state, and the right to own a firearm is enshrined in the United States Constitution. Mass shootings The worst mass shooting in the U.S. was the Las Vegas Strip massacre in 2017, which resulted in 58 deaths and 546 injuries. 11 of the worst mass shootings in the United States have occurred since 2015. The vast majority of the shooters in these incidents are males, and since 2000, police have intercepted 277 active shooter incidents in the U.S.
 This statistic shows the predicted change in retail prices index (RPI) in the United Kingdom (UK) between 2017 and 2023. A slight and steady decline is forecasted to occur during the period from 2018 to 2023. 
 This statistic gives a breakdown of construction industry growth rates in selected regions worldwide in 2013. In the United States, construction output increased by 4.5 percent in 2013. That year, global construction output was estimated to be around 7.5 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Serbia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Serbia's real gross domestic product increased by around 4.3 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the reported violent crime in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, an estimated 1,206,836 violent crimes occurred nationwide. Violent crime in the United States The Federal Bureau of Investigation reported that violent crime fell nationwide in the period from 1990 to 2018. Violent crime was at a height of 1.93 million crimes in 1992, but has since reached a low of 1.15 million violent crimes in 2014. When conducting crime reporting, the FBI’s Uniform Crime Reporting Program considered murder, nonnegligent manslaughter, forcible rape, robbery and aggravated assault to be violent crimes, because they are offenses which involve force or threat of violence. In 2018, there were 16,214 reported murder and nonnegligent manslaughter cases in the United States. California, with 1,739 murders in 2018, ranked first on a list of U.S. states by number of murders, followed by Texas (1,322 murders), and Florida (1,107murders). The greatest number of murders were committed by murderers of unknown relationship to their victim. “Girlfriend” was the fourth most common relationship of victim to offender in 2018, with a reported 531 partners murdering their girlfriends that year. Fifth most common was “wife.” Nine people were murdered by their employees. 18 people were murdered by their employers. The most used murder weapon in 2012 was the handgun, which was used in 6,371 murders that year. According to the FBI, firearms (of all types) were used in 67.7 percent of the nation’s murders. A firearm was used in 41.3 percent of robberies in the US in 2011. The total number of firearms manufactured in the U.S. in 2017 reached 8,327,792 units. 
 This statistic depicts the median annual family income in Canada from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, the median annual family income in Canada was 84,950 Canadian dollars. 
 This graph shows the reported aggravated assault rate in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the nationwide rate was 246.8 cases per 100,000 of the population. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Indonesia from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, it is estimated that there will be around 103.1 million social network users in Indonesia, up from 74.2 million in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of McDonald's restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. McDonald's ACSI score was 69 in 2019. The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. McDonald's McDonald’s, which is headquartered in Oak Brook, Illinois, is the world’s largest quick-service restaurant chain. The company is publicly traded and generated more than 21 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in its 2018 fiscal year. Over half of that revenue was generated through franchised restaurants (11.01 billion U.S. dollars in 2018) and the smaller half through company-operated restaurants (10.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2018). The United States is still McDonald’s single biggest market with nearly eight billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018. In 2018, almost 38 thousand McDonald’s restaurants were in operation worldwide, of which around 14 thousand were located in the United States. The McDonald’s brand is amongst the most valuable brands in the world, valuations vary however depending on the source. Milward Brown Optimor ranks McDonald’s as the most valuable fast food brand in 2018 with a brand value of approximately 126.04 billion U.S. dollars. The main competitors of McDonald’s in the quick-service restaurant market are Subway, Yum Brands! (Kentucky Fried Chicken, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell), Chipotle Mexican Grill, Wendy’s, Burger King, Domino’s Pizza, Papa John’s, Chick-fil-A but also coffeehouse chains such as Starbucks. 
 The statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in South Korea from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a change in it is a sign of economic growth. In 2018, the real GDP in South Korea grew by about 2.67 percent compared to the previous year. National finances of South Korea South Korea is a developed country and has a developed market and financial sector. Due to being one of the world’s most prosperous countries, South Korea is recognized as one of the G-20 major economies as well as one of the Next Eleven countries, which, in detail, consists of countries around the globe which have potential to become world powers in the 21st century. South Korea maintains a high level of economic efficiency which saw the South Korean GDP grow consistently over the past decade, with the exception of 2008 and 2009, where the global financial crisis took a toll on the country’s economic situation. However, despite experiencing a downturn in these years, South Korea still donated roughly 1.7 billion U.S. dollars to countries around world, with the exception of North Korea. This was possible for South Korea because the country maintained one of the highest production efficiencies as well as revenue from goods and services in the world and held a relatively low unemployment rate, which allowed for a more efficient mobilization of resources and a higher influx of income for the masses. 
 In 2018, there were about 4.04 million Black families in the United States with a single mother. This is an increase from 1990 levels, when there were about 3.4 million Black families with a single mother. Single parenthood The typical family is comprised of two parents and at least one child. However, that is not the case in every single situation. A single parent is someone who has a child but no spouse or partner. Single parenthood occurs for different reasons, including divorce, death, abandonment, or single-person adoption. Historically, single parenthood was common due to mortality rates due to war, diseases, and maternal mortality. However, divorce was not as common back then, depending on the culture. Single parent wellbeing In countries where social welfare programs are not strong, single parents tend to suffer more financially, emotionally, and mentally. In the United States, most single parents are mothers. The struggles that single parents face are greater than those in two parent households. The number of families with a single mother in the United States has increased since 1990, but the poverty rate of black families with a single mother has significantly decreased since that same year. In comparison, the poverty rate of Asian families with a single mother, and the percentage of white, non-Hispanic families with a single mother who live below the poverty level in the United States have both been fluctuating since 2002. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in France from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in France was around 9.1 percent. Population of France A member of the Group 7 and G20, France is one of the worlds most powerful, advanced and emerging economies. With a total population of around 64 million people, France’s economy must adapt itself to employ the growing population. Although the rates of the population growth in the past 5 years have declined in comparison to the population growth rates between 2003 and 2007, there is still an overall growth in the total population. An important factor which directly affects the French economy is the percentage increase in of people who are 65 years of age or older and percentage decline of people between the ages of 15 and 64 years. Due to the fact that the percentage of the working population is decreasing, mainly people between the ages of 15 and 64 years, and the median age of the population in France is increasing, the economy must adapt to the growing competition by providing more employment opportunities. With the Eurozone crisis and global financial crisis of 2008, the real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in France suffered dramatic drops between 2008 and 2009 in comparison to the previous year. Despite having increased between 2009 and 2013, the employment in France has not reached the record high of 2008 again yet. In addition, the unemployment rates in the last decade have increased by almost 2 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Zambia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Zambia amounted to about 6.99 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph displays the birth rate in the United States in 2018 as per ethnic group of mother. In 2018, around 50 children were born per thousand Asian women in the United States. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Boston Red Sox from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 516 million U.S. dollars.The Boston Red Sox are owned by John Henry and Thomas Werner, who bought the franchise for 380 million U.S. dollars in 2002. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in India from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in India was estimated to be 2.55 percent. India's economy in comparison to other BRIC states India possesses one of the fastest-growing economies in the world and as a result, India is recognized as one of the G-20 major economies as well as a member of the BRIC countries, an association that is made up of rapidly growing economies. As well as India, three other countries, namely Brazil, Russia and China, are BRIC members. India’s manufacturing industry plays a large part in the development of its economy; however its services industry is the most significant economical factor. The majority of the population of India works in this sector. India’s notable economic boost can be attributed to significant gains over the past decade in regards to the efficiency of the production of goods as well as maintaining relatively low debt, particularly when compared to the total amount earned from goods and services produced throughout the years. When considering individual development as a country, India progressed significantly over the years. However, in comparison to the other emerging countries in the BRIC group, India’s progress was rather minimal. While China experienced the most apparent growth, India’s efficiency and productivity remained somewhat stagnant over the course of 3 or 4 years. India also reported a rather large trade deficit over the past decade, implying that its total imports exceeded its total amount of exports, essentially forcing the country to borrow money in order to finance the nation. Most economists consider trade deficits a negative factor, especially in the long run and for developing or emerging countries. 
 On average, 29 people were murdered every 100,000 inhabitants in Mexico in 2018, up from 26 homicide cases per 100,000 people a year earlier. Mexico's murder rate has been continuously increasing since 2015. Between January and June of 2019, the homicide rate stood at 14 cases. Crime and violence in Mexico Street violence and crime are some of the most pressing problems affecting Mexican society today. A recent survey revealed that, on average, almost 80 percent of the adult population felt unsafe. The perceived level of insecurity in Mexico is more worrisome among women than men. In recent years, violence against women in Mexico has significantly worsened. Violence against women in Mexico The number of femicides registered in Mexico has more than doubled between 2015 and 2019. Up to 976 women were murdered in Mexico in 2019 solely on account of their gender. Over the past decade, most Mexican states have adopted this criminal typification to address the increasing cases of homicide motivated by gender. Veracruz was the region with the largest number of femicides reported as such in 2019, whereas Morelos stood out as the Mexican state with the highest prevalence of femicides, based on 100,000 women. 
 This statistic shows the total number of passengers uplifted by Virgin Atlantic Airways in the United Kingdom (UK) between 2008 and 2018. Virgin Atlantic Airways Limited is a British airline with its headquarters located in Crawley, UK. It was established in 1984 and formerly known as British Atlantic Airways. Virgin Atlantic is majority owned by the Virgin Group and is based at Heathrow airport. Virgin Atlantic's passenger numbers dipped a little during the time period displayed in this statistic, reaching 5.1 million passengers in 2018. 
 This statistic illustrates the annual number of people employed by the Royal Bank of Scotland (RBS) from 2005 to 2019, in thousands. The figures presented in this statistic details staff numbers as full time equivalents of all positions as of the end of each year displayed. In 2007, the total amount of employees of RBS almost doubled, reaching the highest of this time period, with 226,400 people employed. Since then, the number of people employed by the Royal Bank of Scotland has continuously decreased, reaching a total of under 63 thousand employees in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the development of the number of young people between the ages of 14 to 24 in the United States from 2000 to 2010. In 2010, approximately 47 million young people from that age group lived in the U.S. 
 This statistic shows Groupon's global annual revenue from 2008 to 2019. As of 2019, the daily deal website's annual revenue amounted to 2.2 billion U.S. dollars. The coupon portal had close to 43.6 million active customers as the fourth quarter of 2019. 
 This statistic represents worldwide electricity consumption between 1980 and 2016. In 2016, the world's electricity consumption amounted to approximately 21.8 trillion kilowatt hours. One quadrillion watts is approximately equal to one petawatt. Global consumption of electricityGlobal consumption of electricity has increased over the last decades from 7,323 terawatt hours in 1980 to 21.8 terawatt hours in 2016 In a similar pattern, power consumption in China has quickly risen, reaching 6,840 terawatt hours in 2018China is the highest consumer of electricity in the world with the United States following close behind, consuming 4,148 terawatt hours in 2016. Generally, countries with larger populations consume more energy. However, Canada was one of the highest consumers of electricity at 538 terawatt hours, despite having a population of about 36 million inhabitants. Per capita consumption of electricity can vary widely due to electricity rates, appliances penetration, market saturation, and heating and cooling. Electricity consumption tends to be smaller than the amount of electricity generated due to several factors, such as grid and storage losses and self-consumption from power plants. However, cogeneration power plants are able to use energy that is often wasted in forms of heat or energy for industrial processes. In Alberta, Canada, electric cogeneration energy production accounted for 25 terawatt hours . Currently it is estimated that over 20 percent of the world’s electricity generation is derived from renewable sources. In the United States, about almost 275 billion kilowatt hours of electricity was generated from wind power in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the amount of damages caused by cyber crime reported to the IC3 from 2001 to 2018. In the last reported period, the annual loss of complaints referred to the IC3 amounted to 2.71 billion U.S. dollars, up from 1 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. 
 This statistic shows BMW Group's global vehicle sales between 2006 and 2018. In 2018, the Munich-based company shipped about 2.49 million vehicles worldwide. BMW's major brands include BMW (automobiles and motorcycles), MINI and Rolls Royce. BMW is ranked among the leading automobile manufacturers worldwide. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in the Philippines from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the Philippines' real gross domestic product grew by around 6.24 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Los Angeles Chargers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Los Angeles Chargers was 25,393. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Golden State Warriors games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 26.63 U.S. dollars. Golden State Warriors The Golden State Warriors are a professional basketball team that is part of the Western Conference in the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise was founded in 1946 in Philadelphia as the Philadelphia Warriors. The team was located in Philadelphia up until 1962, then moved to San Francisco and in 1971 on to Oakland, where the franchise still resides today. The Warriors play their home games at Oracle Arena, which has a capacity of almost 20 thousand for basketball games. In the 2013/14 season, the Warriors averaged an attendance of 19,596 during the regular season; a total attendance of about 803 thousand. Tickets to the games cost an average of 47.38 U.S. dollars according to Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index. The overall league-wide average ticket price was at 54 U.S. dollars. Forbes ascribes the franchise a value of 750 million U.S. dollars in 2014, an increase in value of about 35 percent over the previous year. The Warriors generated 160 million U.S. dollars in revenue in 2012/13, slightly more than the league-average of 152 million U.S. dollars. As of September 2014, the Golden State Warriors had about 2.43 million fans on their official team account on Facebook. Their Twitter had around 468 thousand followers. 
 The statistic shows the annual revenue of the Alibaba Group from 2010 to 2019. In the fiscal year ending March 31, 2019, Chinese e-commerce corporation Alibaba recorded consolidated revenues of 376.8 billion yuan. This translates to approximately 54.5 billion U.S. dollars. Alibaba Alibaba was originally founded in 1999 as a B2B e-commerce portal to connect Chinese manufacturers with overseas buyers. In 2003, the service expanded to include Taobao, a C2C e-commerce marketplace and in 2008 Tmall, a B2C online commerce platform focused on brands and online retail. To round off the digital offerings, group shopping and flash sale website Jujuasuan was launched in 2010. Overall, the largest portion of Alibaba Group revenues are generated through Chinese-based e-commerce as company data states 247.6 billion yuan segment revenue in 2019. International commerce retail accounted for 19.6 billion yuan of annual revenues. That year, retail e-commerce in China accounted for 66 percent of company revenue. Alibaba Group’s net income amounted to 80.2 billion yuan. The group’s monetization model relies heavily on online marketing services including P2P marketing services, display marketing and promoted selling as well as commissions on transactions and storefront fees. Alibaba’s Chinese retail marketplaces had around 654 million annual active buyers. Alibaba also holds stakes in online video company Youku Tudou and entertainment company Alibaba Pictures. 
 The statistic shows the average inflation rate in Italy from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Italy was at about 1.24 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Egypt from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Egypt was approximately 96.98 million inhabitants. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Dallas Cowboys games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 110.27 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the number of smartphone users in Ireland from 2015 to 2016 with a forecast up to 2022. For 2022, the number of smartphone users in Ireland is estimated to reach 4.06 million. This would be an increase of over a million new users from 2.96 million in 2015. Users in this context are individuals of any age who own one or more smartphones and use one of their devices at least once a month. The increase in the user number translates to a growth of 16.1 percent with an expected smartphone penetration rate of 78.59 percent in 2022. A majority of internet users in Ireland use their smartphone to use search engines, check their email and visit social media sites at least weekly. Only 5 percent play games on their device. In the past two years Smartphone usage grew as well as tablet usage, while the use of desktops saw a decline. Especially among users 55 years of age and older usage has seen an increase of 34 percent since 2012. Many adults own multiple devices and almost a quarter owned more than 5 connected devices. 
 This statistic shows the development of the Real Gross Domestic Product of the United States of America from 1990 to 2019 in annual numbers chained to the U.S. dollar value of the year 2012. In 2019, the United States generated about 19.07 trillion U.S. dollars (2012 chained). See the US GDP for further information. Real Gross domestic product is an inflation-adjusted measure that reflects the value of all goods and services produced in a given year, expressed in base-year prices. Real GDP in the U.S. The real GDP of the U.S. has increased from 9.37 trillion U.S. dollars (2012 chained) in 1990 to 19.07 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. Similarly to some other countries, the United States has experienced a steady growth in GDP over the last few years. India experienced a 6.5 percent growth from 2016 to 2017 while China’s GDP grew by 6.9 percent in the same period. One of the defining qualities of the United States’ economy is its diversity and advanced technological advancements. Industries such as finance, real estate, health care, and business and education services are large contributors to the economy, while the manufacturing sector accounts for about 11.4 percent of the country’s wealth. The GDP generated by each state can also vary widely based on principal industries and production. In 2018, California had one of the highest GDP’s in the United States, reaching 2.96 trillion U.S. dollars; comparatively, Vermont generated a GDP of 33.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Australia from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Australia's population was 37.2 years. 
 The U.S. state with the highest number of laying hens in 2018 was Iowa with 57.43 million head of chicken. The United States is also the second leading producer of eggs worldwide. Egg industry The global production volume of eggs reached 80 million metric tons in 2017, up from 55.1 million metric tons in 2000. The vast majority of the world’s chicken eggs are produced in China. In 2018, some 529 billion eggs were laid in China, about five times more than the United States. The total value of eggs produced in the United States peaked in 2015, but has since decreased. Egg retail in the United States In the United States eggs are a popular breakfast food as well as an ingredient in many recipes. Since chicken eggs seem to be more or less homogenous across different brands, private label eggs are the leading fresh egg brand in the United States in terms of dollar sales. In 2018, the best selling name brand of fresh eggs was Eggland’s Best, followed by Pete & Gerry’s. 
 This statistic shows the imports of goods and services from the United States between 1990 and 2017, as a percentage of GDP. In 2017, the percentage of U.S. imports of the GDP amounted to 15.03 percent. 
 The statistic shows the global rate of unemployment from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the global rate of unemployment amounted to 4.94 percent. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in the United Kingdom from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in the United Kingdom was at about 2.48 percent compared to the previous year. For comparison, inflation in India amounted to 3.6 percent that same year. 
 This statistic shows annual change in average global airfares from 2010 to 2018. In 2014, the average global airfare decreased by 0.6 percent compared to the previous year. Global airfares were forecasted to increase by 3.5 percent in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of school shootings in the United States from 1970 to December 20, 2019. As of December 20, 2019, there were 110 school shootings in the United States. 2018 had the highest number of school shootings, with 116. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Canada from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the gross domestic product in Canada was around 1.71 trillion U.S. dollars. The economy of Canada Canada is the second biggest country in the world after Russia and the biggest country in North America. Despite its large size, Canada has a relatively small population of just around 35.9 million people. However, the total population in Canada is estimated to grow to around 37.5 million inhabitants in 2020. The standard of living in the country is pretty high, the life expectancy as of 2013 in Canada ranks as one of the highest in the world. In addition, the country ranks number eight on the Human Development Index (HDI) worldwide. All key factors point to a stable and sustainable economy. Not only is Canada’s population increasing, but the economy has been slowly recovering after the global financial crisis in 2008. The unemployment rate in Canada in 2010 was at approximately 8 percent (263696). Today, the unemployment rate in Canada is estimated to be around 6.8 percent, and it is estimated to decrease further. During the financial crisis in 2008, Canada's inflation rate amounted to around 2.4 percent. By 2013, the inflation rate was at less than 1 percent in comparison to the previous year. Canada is considered to be one of the world’s wealthiest countries. By value of private financial wealth, Canada ranked seventh along with Italy. In addition, its gross domestic product per capita in 2014 was among the largest in the world and during the same year, its gross domestic product increased by over 2.5 percent in comparison to the previous year. Canada’s economic growth has been a result of its political stability and economic reforms following the global financial crisis. In the period between 2009 and 2010, Canada was among the leading countries with the highest political stability in the world. 
 More than 86 percent of Mexican internet users surveyed in 2019 claimed they used Tinder for finding dates. Meanwhile, one out of four respondents cited Bumble and 12.3 percent of people surveyed mentioned Happn. Sex and solitude Approximately 42.7 percent of Mexicans who used dating apps stated in 2017 that they did so in order to find friends. Still nearly three out of ten people surveyed said they resorted to those apps to have sexual encounters, more than the 27.4 percent who claimed to focus on finding a partner. Around 27 percent of Mexicans who participated in another survey said they thought they would feel lonely most of the time throughout 2020. LGBTQ+ online Over 11 percent of internet users surveyed in Mexico stated that they used Grindr, a dating app focused on gay men. Homosexuality has been officially legalized in the country for nearly a century and a half. Now sex and gender-deviant people there surf the web more often. On average, lesbians, gays, bisexuals, transgenders and other persons who do not identify as heterosexual and/or cisgender (LGBTQ+) in Mexico spent more time online than non-LGBTQ+ people as of June 2019. 
 The Irish low-cost carrier Ryanair saw an astonishing growth in the amount of net profits generated, before suffering a roughly 39 percent decline in its latest financial year. Between 2012/13 and 2017/18, the Dublin based company was able to nearly triple their net profits. In 2017/18, this figure reached 1.45 billion euros, roughly 10 million euros lower than its peak in 2015/16, before dropping to 885 million euros in 2018/19.Ryanair was established in 1984 and heavily profited from the European Union’s deregulation of the air industry in 1998, allowing it to operate air travel between other EU member states. Why the fall in profits? With its generally affordable ticket prices, Ryanair’s increase in profitability observed until 2017/18, was mainly due to a growing number of passengers choosing to travel with the airline. However, the company states that higher oil prices as well as greater payroll costs, extended strikes by air traffic control and staff shortage resulted in the prominent decline of net profits seen in 2018/19. Commercial airline profits Net profits of worldwide commercial airlines were at an all time high in 2017. Despite a decline for 2019, figures were still significantly greater than those reported at the beginning of the decade. However, airlines operating in Europe were set to see a more pronounced decline in profits compared to those from other regions. 
 This statistic gives information on the mobile internet penetration in India from 2015 to 2023. In 2018, 29 percent of the population accessed the internet from their mobile phone. This figure is expected to grow to 35 percent in 2023. 
 The statistic shows the total technology spending worldwide from 2014 to 2019. In 2018, the global tech spending is forecast to amount to 3,212 billion U.S. dollars. The global technology market includes telecom services, tech outsourcing and hardware maintenance, tech consulting and systems integration services, software, communications equipment, and computer equipment. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Brazil from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, the number of Facebook users in Brazil reached 75.6 million, up from 71.9 million in 2017. Facebook users in Brazil – additional information One of the leading online activities worldwide is social networking. Founded in 2004, Facebook is the most popular social network in the world with 1.97 billion monthly active users. Facebook-owned WhatsApp is ranked second, with 1.2 billion monthly active users each as of April 2017. Instagram, acquired by Facebook in 2012, is amongst the top 10 leading social networks worldwide in regards of number of users. In terms of use of the social network, about 80 percent of the global active Facebook users had clicked the "like" button in the past month, making this activity the most popular one on Facebook. Other popular activities on Facebook include watching a video, reading an article and messaging friends on a 1-to-1 basis, and reading news stories. Brazil is one of the leading countries based on number of Facebook users. As of May 2016, there were about 90 million Brazilian users registered on Facebook. Brazilian users accounted for seven percent of the global Facebook population, only behind market leaders India and the U.S. By 2021, it is estimated that the number of Facebook in Brazil will pass the 120 million mark for the first time. Facebook also has the highest penetration rate amongst social networks in Brazil – 31 percent as of the fourth quarter of 2015. WhatsApp has the second highest penetration rate, about 29 percent, while Facebook Messenger’s penetration rate in the country stood at 24 percent. In line with the projected growth in number of users, Facebook penetration in Brazil is forecast to increase in the coming years. It is expected that over 56 percent of the population in Brazil will be accessing Facebook by 2021. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Brazil from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. The figures refer to the whole country and include the debts of the state, the communities, the municipalities and the social insurances. In 2018, the national debt of Brazil amounted to approximately 87.89 percent of the GDP. Brazil's economy Brazil has one of the largest economies in the world by gross domestic product ) and Purchasing Power Parity. In 2014, the Brazil's gross domestic product amounted to around 2.24 trillion U.S. dollars. However, it is estimated that by 2030, Brazil will have the fourth highest gross domestic product in the world. In 2014, the United States reported the largest gross domestic product worldwide. However, the estimated national debt of the United States in 2014 was over 105 percent of the gross domestic product, while the estimated national debt of Brazil was approximately 66 percent the same year. Even though the national debt of Brazil has slightly decreased over the last decade, it still remains relatively high. A country's national debt refers to the whole country and includes the debts of the state, the communities, the municipalities and the social insurances. In Brazil, the high national debt is also due to country's trade deficit. In 2013, Brazil’s trade deficit amounted to an estimated 3.3 percent of the GDP, adding up to approximately 8.3 billion U.S. dollars in total. 
 The statistic shows the GDP of the United Kingdom between 1984 and 2018, with projections up until 2024, in US dollars.Private-sector-led economic recovery GDP is counted among the primary indicators that are used to gauge the state of health of a national economy. GDP is the total value of all completed goods and services that have been produced within a country in a given period of time, usually a year. GDP figures allow us to gain a broader understanding of a country’s economy in a clear way. Real GDP, in a similar way, is also a rather useful indicator; this is a measurement that takes prices changes (inflation and deflation) into account, thereby acting as a key indicator for economic growth. The gross domestic product of the United Kingdom is beginning to show signs of recovery since seeing a sharp decline in the wake of the financial crisis. The decreasing unemployment rate in the United Kingdom is also indicating that the worst could be over for the country. However, some concerns have arisen about what forms of employment are being represented, how stable the jobs are, and whether or not they are simply being cited by officials in government as validation for reforms that are criticized by opponents as being ‘ideologically motivated’. Whatever the political motivation, the coalition government’s efforts to let the private sector lead the economic recovery through increasing employment in the UK in the private sector appear, for now at least, to be working. 
 This statistic shows the share of the European Union in the global gross domestic product based on purchasing-power-parity from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, the share of the European Union in the global gross domestic product based on purchasing-power-parity amounted to an estimated 16.28 percent. The EU GDP amounted to 13.92 trillion euros in 2014. 
 The median age of the population in Japan has steadily been increasing since 1950 and is projected to be around 48 years old in 2020. As of 2017, the median age of Japan is the second highest in the world, behind the Principality of Monaco. The elderly in Japan An improved quality of life and regular health checks are just two reasons why Japan has one of the highest life expectancies in the world. The life expectancy from birth in Japan improved significantly after World War II, rising 20 years in the decade between 1945 and 1955. As life expectancy continues to increase, Japan expects difficulties caring for the older generation in the future. Shortages in the service sector are already a major concern, with demand for nurses and care workers increasing. Fertility and birth rates The fertility rate among Japan’s population has been around 1.4 children per woman since 2010. Apart from a small baby boom in the early seventies, the crude birth rate of Japan has been declining since 1950 and is expected to be as low as 7.5 births per thousand people in 2020. With falling birth rates and such a large share of its inhabitants reaching their later years, Japan’s total population is expected to continue declining. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Thailand from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 49.95 percent of Thailand's total population lived in urban areas and cities. The migration of the Thai population to metropolises and urban areas Thailand is in the midst of transforming itself from a predominantly rural country to an increasingly urban one. In as little as ten years, the country has shifted from 36 percent urban to almost 50 percent urban, which means that half of the population now lives in cities and urban areas. While Thailand's urbanization rates are still low compared to other developed nations - which can reach levels of 80-90 percent -, this transformation in Thailand is still significant, especially as most of this growth occurs and is expected to occur in the Krung Thep area, better known as Bangkok, capital and largest city in Thailand. Krung Thep is now home to more than 5.7 million people. The number of tourists and overnight visitors to the city is also on the rise: In 2015 alone, the city had more than 18 million visitors. This development will place increasing demands on urban infrastructure, as the city grows and grows. The second largest city in Thailand is Nonthaburi, but it only has around one quarter of a million inhabitants, a significant difference. Despite the country’s rural but shifting population, Thailand's fertility rate is low and below the natural replacement rate, and population growth in general is thus only minimal. Interestingly, despite this migration, agriculture has retained a stable share in GDP generation, actually increasing slightly over time, while the contributions of industry and services to GDP have also remained relatively the same. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Toronto Maple Leafs from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Toronto Maple Leafs amounted to 243 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic shows the combined revenue of EY (Ernst & Young) worldwide from 2009 to 2019. In the fiscal year of 2019, EY generated approximately 36.4 billion U.S. dollars, up from 34.8 billion the previous year. EY (Ernst & Young) – additional information Ernst & Young is a global professional services firm and one of the Big Four auditing firms, the others being Deloitte, KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC). The company now abbreviates its name to EY since rebranding in 2013. EY provides several business services including, assurance, advisory, tax, and transaction advisory services. The company is spread globally with operations in Europe, the Middle East, Africa, the Americas, Asia-Pacific and Japan. Since 2010, the revenue of Ernst & Young has continuously grown, increasing by over seven billion U.S. dollars in five years. As of 2019, EY was the third third largest accounting firm in the world in terms of revenue, following Deloitte and PwC. In the same year the firm also ranked second in terms of employment with over 284,000 employees worldwide. The next largest was PwC with approximately 276,000 employees worldwide. In 2019, EY generated the majority of its revenue in the Americas, grossing 16.75 billion U.S. dollars. Prior to 2015, Ernst & Young consistently generated its highest revenues in the EMEIA (Europe, Middle East, India and Africa) business region, accumulating over 200 million U.S. dollars more than in the Americas in 2014. 
 This statistic shows the total annual expenditure on furniture and furnishings in the United Kingdom from 2005 to 2018, based on volume. In 2018, UK households purchased approximately 19.1 billion British pounds worth of furniture and furnishings, an increase on the previous year of roughly one and a half billion British pounds. According to results of the 2017 Statista Global Consumer survey, 24 percent of UK consumers have bought furniture and household goods online in the last 12 months, while 33 percent claim to mostly look online for information about these products. Over the past seven years there has been a decline in the number of furniture manufacturing enterprises in the United Kingdom, with a decrease of nearly 150 manufacturing enterprises since 2008. It seems now that the United Kingdom is importing its furniture from outside of the European Union instead of manufacturing it dosmetically, with imports reaching 3.38 billion British pounds in 2016. This number has significantly increased since 2003, where only 1.79 billion British pounds worth of furniture goods were imported from non-European countries. 
 Infant mortality has been falling in Bangladesh in the past decade, from 43.2 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2008 to 25.1 in 2018. This figure helps to assess the overall healthcare system’s efficacy, because childbirth and infant care require more direct patient care than any other period of life. Similarly, measures taken to combat infant mortality often have spillover effects, improving the entire healthcare system. Population in Bangladesh Bangladesh has one of the highest population densities in the world. While the economy is growing at a fair rate, gross domestic product (GDP) per capita is still low. This points to Bangladesh’s status as a developing nation. However, these indicators also suggest that the country continues to flourish. This development can benefit a significant number of people. Other development indicators As health outcomes improve, life expectancy should follow. This will lead to an upward shift in the population pyramid, which measures the age structure in a country. Such a change means that there are more workers in the medium term, increasing the country’s productivity. Productivity growth then enables more expenditure on health care, creating a virtuous cycle. For this reason, experts follow infant mortality closely. 
How many homicides are registered in England and Wales? There were 701 homicides recorded in England and Wales in 2018/19, slightly fewer than in the previous reporting year of 2017/18, when there were 728 homicides. Between 2002/03 and 2013/14 the number of homicides in England and Wales almost halved from over 1 thousand to just over 530. The recent rise in the number of homicides has occurred alongside an increase in the overall number of crimes, with police officials linking this to long-term cuts to their manpower and resources. Links with knife crime This statistic presents the overall number of homicides in England and Wales, which includes all offences classed as murder, manslaughter of infanticide. Homicides involving a sharp instrument were involved in over 260 incidents in 2017/18, making it the most common method of killing in England and Wales. Unsurprisingly overall knife offences have also risen in recent years, and there are worries carrying a knife has become natural to many youths across the country. Media focus on London The British media has naturally focused a significant amount of attention on London which had a homicide rate of 18.4 per million people in 2017/18, second only to the North West of England. Stabbings of young people across the capital are frequently in the headlines of the major UK newspapers, and are often attributed to an increasingly violent and self-confident gang culture in London. 
 This statistic gives information on retail e-commerce sales in Canada from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, retail e-commerce sales of physical goods amounted to almost 40 billion U.S. dollars and are projected to increase to 53.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2022. Online retail in Canada - additional information On a global scale, B2C e-commerce sales are expected to reach approximately 1.5 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018, up from nearly 995 billion in 2015. The Canadian market is expected to see sales figures increase from 29.6 billion Canadian dollars in 2015 to 44 billion in 2018. At the same time, sources forecast that online sales share within total industry sales will also exhibit a growing trend. It is said that e-commerce will account for eight percent of total retail sales in Canada in 2018 – that’s a three percent increase from 2014. With this in mind, approximately 26 percent of surveyed retailers indicated they were planning to advance their e-commerce performance as of 2014. That year it was found that 66 percent of retailers offering online shopping or services were conducting business within the apparel category, while 59 percent who said they provided e-commerce services to their customers came from the fast food vertical. Also, the majority of retailers in these two sectors believed that online shopping growth had a positive effect on their businesses. Most of the responding retailers agreed that online shopping was helping their companies attract new customers. What is more, when asked to identify ways in which online shopping influences their business, 57 percent said that it helped increase their company’s total sales and revenues. All in all, Canada’s e-commerce market is relatively strong. It was calculated, that in 2014 there were 20.2 million digital buyers in the country. This number is predicted to reach 22.5 million digital shoppers by the end of 2018. 
 This statistic presents the annual gross app revenues of the Apple App Store from 2017 to 2019. In the last reported year, customers spent an estimated 54.2 billion U.S. dollars on on in-app purchases, subscriptions, and premium appsin the Apple App store. Additional information The App Store was launched in 2008 to coincide with Apple’s iPhone 3G release. Apps can be downloaded directly to iOS devices such as the iPhone smartphone, the iPod Touch handheld computer, and the iPad tablet computer, or onto a personal computer via iTunes. Many apps are available for free or utilize a freemium payment model, which allows the user to download the app without upfront costs but generates revenues through in-app payments. At present, the average price of apps and games is approximately one U.S. dollar. The most popular monetization models according to global app developers are advertising and contract work, with paid downloads ranking just third. The most popular app categories are gaming, business, and education, followed by lifestyle and entertainment apps. The most popular iOS apps worldwide are Facebook, YouTube, and Instagram. In Apple’s fiscal period Q4 2018, the company sold 46.9 million iPhones and 9.67 million iPads. 
 This statistic depicts the total number of employees of L'Oréal worldwide from 2010 to 2017. In 2016, L'Oréal employed a total of 89,135 people throughout the world. L'Oréal is the world's largest cosmetics and beauty company, concentrating on hair color, skin care, sun protection, make-up, perfumes, and hair care. The company is also the leading nano-technology patent-holder in the United States. 
 This statistic shows Iran's total population from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Iran amounted to approximately 82.36 million inhabitants. The population of Iran Iran is the second largest nation in the Middle East and one of the founding members of the United Nations, NAM, OIC and OPEC. With a rapidly growing total population of just under 78 million inhabitants, it is the world’s seventeenth most populous nation. Iran’s total population has grown by 10 million inhabitants over the past decade. In 2010, Iran’s population grew by around 1.6 percent in comparison to the previous year, which is partially due to due the high fertility rate. In 2010, the fertility rate of Iran was at almost 2 percent. Surprisingly, Iran does not have a high life expectancy. In 2010, the life expectancy in Iran was just 73 years. Looking at the age structure of Iran's population shows that the vast majority, more than 71 percent of Iran inhabitants, were aged between 15 and 64 the same year, while only around 5.2 percent of the population in Iran were aged over 65. Therefore, it is assumed that the growing total population is due to an increase in the young population in Iran and immigrants. People migrating from surrounding countries, such as Afghanistan and Iraq, have increased Iran’s total population drastically. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Chile from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Chile had amounted to about 2.32 percent compared to the previous year. Chile's slowing economy The inflation rate in Chile has fluctuated from a low of 1.41 percent in 2010 to a high of 4.39 percent as of 2014. Despite the central bank having issued a target inflation rate of 3 percent, it was not reached in 2014, 2015 or 2016, defying expectations. Rising inflation is said to be affected by a weakening peso, combined with a relatively weak economy. While these inflation rates are not nearly comparable to some of the highest inflation rates around the world, slow growth and a lack of consumer and business confidence remain an underlying concern in Chile. Annual economic growth remains low at around two percent per year, fueling this concern. Further, export values are also in a slump as are those for imports, and this slow growth has had a significant effect on GDP growth per capita: In 2013, GDP per capita was around 15,713 U.S. dollars per capita, and in 2016 it is expected to drop by almost a fifth. In response, this year Chile has introduced a number of measures to help boost the economy, and 2016 is supposed to be the “Year of Productivity” with hopes of increasing trade and investment to raise growth and wages. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Germany from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 77.31 percent of Germany's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Urbanization in Germany Currently, about three quarter of the German population live in urban areas and cities, which is more than in most nations around the world. Urbanization, as it can be seen in this graph, refers to the number of people living in an urban area and has nothing to do with the actual geographical size or footprint of an area or country. A country which is significantly bigger than Germany could have a similar degree of urbanization, just because not all areas in the country are inhabitable, for example. One example for this is Russia, where urbanization has reached comparable figures to Germany, even though its geographical size is significantly bigger. However, Germany’s level of urbanization does not make the list of the top 30 most urbanized nations in the world, where urbanization rates are higher than 83 percent. Also, while 25 percent of the population in Germany still lives in rural areas, rural livelihoods are not dependent on agriculture, as only 0.75 percent of GDP came from the agricultural sector in 2014. So while Germany's urbanization rate is growing, a significant percentage of the population is still living in rural areas. Furthermore, Germany has a number of shrinking cities which are located to the east and in older industrial regions around the country. Considering that population growth in Germany is on the decline, because of low fertility rates, and that a number of cities are shrinking, the urban population is likely shifting to bigger cities which have more economic opportunities than smaller ones. 
 This timeline shows the inflation rate in Afghanistan from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Afghanistan's average inflation rate amounted to 0.63 percent compared to the previous year. Afghanistan's economy Inflation in Afghanistan has experienced an increase every year with the exception of 2009. Some short-term increases in prices are often attributed to wars, which is a fundamental reason for yearly inflation in Afghanistan. On the other hand, wars often cause spikes in GDP, primarily due to an increased amount of production and reparations. This was not the case for Afghanistan, however. GDP, more specifically GDP per capita, remained relatively low as of 2013, despite increasing annually and ranked as one of the top 20 lowest gross domestic product per capita values in 2013. GDP per capita measures a country’s productivity by using its entire gross domestic product and dividing it by the number of people in the country and is mostly used to compare one nation with another. From an economic standpoint, Afghanistan imported many more goods than they exported, leading to a trade deficit. The country has experienced a trade deficit every year over the past decade, most notably in 2011. Reasons for the ongoing deficit could potentially be the lack of government support for domestic production as well as stiff rules towards marketing. Also, production and transport are likely to suffer due to the war. A trade deficit also implicates that a country borrows more money from other nations in order to sustain and fulfill the needs its economy, along with its citizens. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for meat (beef) from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for meat (beef) stood at 4.2 nominal U.S. dollars per kilogram. 
 This statistic shows the number of Marriott International hotel rooms worldwide from 2009 to 2019. There were 1.38 million Marriott International hotel rooms worldwide in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the employment in France from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020. In 2018, the employment in France was around 25.53 million people. 
 This statistic shows the annual inflation rate in the U.S. from 2010 to 2018 with additional projections up to 2024. The data represents U.S. city averages. The base period was 1982-84. In economics, the inflation rate is a measurement of inflation, the rate of increase of a price index (in this case: consumer price index). It is the percentage rate of change in prices level over time. The rate of decrease in the purchasing power of money is approximately equal. According to the forecast, prices will increase by two percent in 2019. The annual inflation rate for previous years can be found here and the consumer price index for all urban consumers here. The monthly inflation rate for the United States can also be accessed here. Inflation in the U.S. Inflation is a term used to describe a general rise in the price of goods and services in an economy over a given period of time. Inflation in the United States is calculated using the consumer price index (CPI). The consumer price index is a measure of change in the price level of a preselected market basket of consumer goods and services purchased by households. This forecast of U.S. inflation was prepared by the International Monetary Fund. They project roughly a 2.25 percent annual rise in the general level of prices until 2024. This means that a product bought today for about 100 U.S. dollars will cost about 102.25 U.S. dollars next year, and so on. Considering the annual inflation rate in the United States in recent years, a 2.25 percent inflation rate is a very moderate projection. Although the moderate inflation of prices between 2 and 3 percent is considered normal in a modern economy, countries’ central banks try to prevent severe inflation and deflation to keep the growth of prices to a minimum. Severe inflation is considered dangerous to a country’s economy because it can rapidly diminish the population’s purchasing power and thus damage the GDP . 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Italy from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in Italy was about 2.08 trillion U.S. dollars. See global GDP for a global comparison. Italy's economy After increasing significantly year-over-year, Italy’s gross domestic product (GDP) has gone through several fluctuations since the global economic crisis in 2008. The European Union’s third largest economy has experienced downturns, primarily due to inefficiency with regards to spending and incompetent leadership. When analyzing the country’s budget balance, which is essentially the overall difference between revenues and spending, Italy has posted a negative balance, or a state deficit, every year over the past decade. However, their budget balance has improved noticeably every year since 2009. Since the country spent more than they earned, national debt continued to rise every year, most notably between 2008 and 2009, and continued to do so going into 2014. Italy’s dependency on funding from other countries will lead to further debt, unless it finds a way to decrease spending or increase revenues. Despite the country’s ongoing recession, Italy’s GDP ranked the country in the top 10 countries with the largest gross domestic product in 2014, ahead of economically developed countries such as Canada and Australia. This implies that Italy’s economical struggles are more a result of inefficient spending rather than a lack of production. 
 This statistic shows the number of registered active lobbyists in the United States from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, the total number of unique, registered lobbyists who have actively lobbied amounted to 11,862. 
 This statistic shows the countries and regions that consumed the most silver in 2010. The United States demanded 21.6 percent of the world's total silver production. Consumption of silver Silver is one of the world’s most valued metals and included within the so called transition metals group. Within living memory, this precious metal always has been used for coins, jewellery and valuable utensils, known as silverware. In modern times, it also developed an important role in industrial usage. Almost half of all silver worldwide is used for such purposes. This is primarily due to its extremely high electric and thermal conductivity. In fact, silver has the highest conductivity of electricity and heat of all elements and metals, respectively. Thus, industrial silver usage is mostly for conductors and catalyses. Another sector which is highly dependent on silver is the photographic industry. Silver is also an important factor within the finance and investment sector. Among countries around the world, the United States is the top consumer of silver. The United States consumes around one fifth of global silver. China, Japan and India are following, while Germany and Italy are the top consumers from Europe. The latest estimates show that the United States uses between six and eight thousand metric tons annually. With around one thousand metric tons from mines, the United States is also among the top 10 primary silver producers worldwide. Mexico is by far the leading silver producer, extracting more than four thousand metric tons from its silver mines. Silver is in most cases obtained as a by-product from zinc, copper and gold mines and refineries. The largest primary silver mines are Cannington in Australia and Fresnillo in Mexico. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Malaysia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Malaysia amounted to around 11,072.39 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2020, the average age in Thailand is expected to reach 40.1 years, twenty years higher than in 1980, when it began to rise after a steady decrease in prior years. Previously, from 1950 to 1975, the average age hovered around 18 years. The increased average age corresponds with rising life expectancy globally, accelerating especially around the mid-twentieth century onward. In this century, the life expectancy in Thailand has increased by roughly 2.5 years since 2007, reaching 75.5 in 2017. The standard of living is increasing In Thailand, people ages 15 to 64 have consistently made up the majority of the population from 2007 to 2017. In this time, the older population grew increased by about three percent, while the younger population shrunk at roughly the same rate. This indicates that many people within the middle age category are reaching 65 or older, and that the birth rate is simultaneously declining. Birth rates are declining Every year, families are having fewer children in Thailand, with a fertility rate of less than 1.5 children per women of childbearing age in 2017. This is not necessarily a bad sign – it points towards increasing healthcare and living standards. Another indicator for this is the decreasing infant mortality in Thailand, meaning more of the children born each year survive. Lower infant mortality also contributes to the calculations of a higher life expectancy, and thus affects the country’s median age. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Spain from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Spain was around 1,290.92 billion U.S. dollars. For comparison, the Greek debt amounted to approximately 375 billion U.S. dollars that same year. Spanish economy The Spanish economy, though in a state of turmoil, has been one of the world’s largest and most important economies. As a member of the European Union and the World Trade Organization, Spain often plays an important role in modern day economics. Spain maintains several economic strengths, some of which include a modern high-tech infrastructure as well as an abundance of exports, which rank as some of the highest in the world. Additionally, Spain’s economical sectors, principally built upon tourism and automobiles, also rank amongst some of the most significant around the globe. Tourism plays an important role in Spain’s economy, with millions of tourists visiting the plentiful amount of beaches during the summer and historical sites all year round. In the past, Spain was considered the most frequently visited country in the world, however, it fell several places in the past couple years, primarily because of the country’s ongoing economical struggles. Tourism is arguably the most significant sector in Spain, making up a large percentage of the country’s entire GDP. The Spanish automobile industry has receded for several years,but still makes notable contributions to the economy and has some of the more powerful car manufacturers in the world. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the British pound sterling (EUR GBP), according to data provided by the European Central Bank, from the introduction of the euro in 1999 up until 2019. The average (standardized) measure presents the calculation, which is based on many observations throughout the period in question. This is different than an annual measure at a point in time; the annual measure presents concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2000 and 2009, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the British pound sterling noted a steep increase. In 2009, the euro to British pound sterling annual average exchange rate was equal to 0.89, which meant that one euro could buy 0.89 British pounds. By 2016, this value had decreased, to a value of 0.82, which again meant that one euro could buy 0.88 British pounds. The Brexit referendum can be seen as the likely reason for the noted increase in value of euro to British pound sterling in 2017. Following the referendum result, in June 2016, the monthly exchange rate increased and continued to do so for the majority of the rest of the year. 
 In 2018, The New York Times Company stated in its 10-K report that it had 4,320 full-time equivalent employees in the United States. After a sharp drop in employee numbers between 2012 and 2013 due to the company’s sale of New England Media Group, there were just 3,529 people working The NYT Company, but the figure has grown more or less consistently year on year ever since. The New York Times Company’s assets The company has various media properties, including namesake newspaper The New York Times and its website NYTimes.com, as well as The New York Times Magazine, Book Review, Style Magazine and International Edition. Other assets include product review site Wirecutter and social media marketing firm HelloSociety. The company’s newspaper is arguably its most famous and most successful asset. The New York Times has won 125 Pulitzer Prizes and is widely read in and outside of the United States. As readers have moved away from print and towards digital, the company chose to capitalize on this. In early 2014, The New York Times Company’s digital-only news product had fewer than 800 thousand U.S. subscribers, but five years boasts almost three million paid users. The fact that many print-only publications are struggling to retain existing subscribers or appeal to new ones aptly proves that The New York Times Company made its move at the right time. Now, NYTimes.com regularly attracts millions of unique visitors each month, and the company also boasts well over 250 million U.S. dollars in print and digital circulation revenue. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Nigeria from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Nigeria was at approximately 6.11 percent. 
 This statistic presents the number of active buyers on social commerce platform Etsy from 2012 to 2019. As of 2019, close to 45.7 million buyers had purchased goods through the Etsy ecosystem. This figure represents an increase from the 39.45 million buyers in the previous year. Etsy is an online commerce website with strong integration of social features such as user profiles and collections, as well as interactive seller storefronts and the ability to share content to other social networks. In 2019, Etsy’s annual company revenue amounted to over 818 million U.S. dollars, with the majority of revenues generated through its marketplace. That year, the social commerce site’s annual merchandise sales volume amounted to 4.974 billion U.S. dollars. Etsy sellers predominantly offer handcrafted or vintage products. The platform has also increasingly profited from the mobile commerce trend – in 2018, 66 percent of visitor traffic was generated through mobile devices. 
 This statistic shows Porsche's revenue from the fiscal year of 2010 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the 2018 fiscal year, Porsche generated around 23.7 billion euros (or about 27 billion U.S. dollars) in revenue. 
 This statistic shows the number of shops of the Lush Cosmetics Limited group worldwide in the year ending June 30th 2018, by county. The chart shows that there are just over 100 shops in the United Kingdom and another 89 shops in Japan. Bulgaria, Portugal, Czechia, and Estonia each had two Lush Cosmetics shops in the country. Lush Cosmetics Limited is a cosmetics retailer, with headquarters in Dorset, United Kingdom, which was founded in 1995. The company is most known for their hand-made beauty care products, including soaps, face and body care, bath and shower cosmetics, hair styling products and perfumes. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in South Korea from 2015 to 2022. In 2019, the number of Facebook users in South Korea is expected to reach 15.13 million, up from 14.5 million in 2017. 
 While nearly two-thirds of Vietnam remains rural, urbanization has grown by seven percent from 2008 to 2018. Political reforms in the 1980s created greater economic stability in Vietnam in the decade that followed and led to higher urbanization. The growing population of Vietnam, as well as people migrating from rural areas, contributes to an escalating number of inhabitants in the country's already crowded cities. Agricultural sector becoming less prominent In 2008, nearly half the population of Vietnam worked in agriculture. Ten years later, as more people leave rural areas, the service sector is comparable in size, employing roughly a third of the population, while employment in the industry sector has grown to a quarter. Though agriculture has long had the most workers, the service and industry sectors accounted for larger shares of Vietnam’s GDP from 2007 to 2017. Costs in rural and urban areas In rural areas of Vietnam, investment in agriculture – such as the costs of farming – was the second-highest expense in 2019. In urban areas, around the same share was spent on aspirational living costs such as eating out and holidays, while investment was the category with the least amount of monthly spending. The expense associated with farming in rural areas is a possible cause for the increased migration to cities, with fewer people employed in the agricultural sector and more working in services such as health care, education, hospitality, and gastronomy. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Chicago Cubs from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 452 million U.S. dollars.The Chicago Cubs are owned by the Ricketts family, who bought the franchise for 700 million U.S. dollars in 2009. 
 This statistic represents the total number of licensed drivers in the United States in 2018, with a breakdown by state. In 2018, there were almost 17.4 million driver's license holders in Texas. U.S. licensed drivers by state The driver’s license became mandatory in the United States in the early 20th century, with Missouri and Massachusetts being the first states to require an official license for operating certain types of motor vehicles, including motorcycles, passenger vehicles, trucks, trailers or buses. New Jersey became the first state to require all drivers to pass a mandatory test before being granted an official driver’s license. In 2018, there were about 227.5 million licensed drivers in the United States. At around 27 million, California issued the highest number of licenses in the country that year. Not only is California the U.S. state with the highest number of licensed drivers, but it is also the most populous state in the U.S. overall, representing close to 12 percent of the country’s total population. When it comes to accidents, people aged 21 to 24 are most at risk. Across all age groups, the male population has substantially higher death rates than the female population. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Cambodia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Cambodia amounted to about 2.39 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Kansas City Chiefs games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 83.4 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Ethiopia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Ethiopia's gross domestic product amounted to around 80.29 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the number of registered automobiles in the United States from 1999 through 2017. In 2017, there were about 111 million automobiles registered in the United States. In 2017, a total of around 272 million motor vehicles were registered in the U.S.
 The statistic shows the number of terrorist attacks in Iraq between 2006 and 2018. In 2018, around 765 terrorist attacks were recorded in Iraq. In 2018 Iraq was the country with the third-most terrorist attacks and the sixth-most fatalities due to terrorism worldwide. 1,520 people died due to terrorist attacks in Iraq in 2018. 
 This statistic shows a forecast of global telecom services spending from 2018 to 2023. About 1,625 billion U.S. dollars is forecast to be spent globally in telecom services in 2019. Telecom services spending – additional information The telecommunication services industry, which includes fixed-network services and mobile and wireless services, is a trillion-dollar market projected to grow in the next few years. Global telecommunication spending is forecast to amount to 1.44 trillion U.S. dollars by 2019. This projection shows a considerable increase from the 2014 figure, when global spending was estimated at 1.32 trillion U.S. dollars. The Asia Pacific region is the most valuable telecommunication services market worldwide. For 2019, the Asia Pacific region is expected to generate 441.5 billion U.S. dollars in revenues from telecom services. North America and Europe are also important telecom service markets worldwide. Wireless telecom services account for the majority of the spending on telecommunication services. By 2018, wireless telecommunication services are expected to generate around 887.4 billion U.S. dollars in revenues by 2018. Fixed telecommunication services are forecast to amount to around 525 billion U.S. dollars in revenues in 2019. The industry is dominated by multinational telecommunication service companies. The Dallas-based AT&T is a global leader, with a brand value of 107 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. Verizon, also an American giant, is the second biggest telecom service provider. In 2016, the company’s value was at 93 billion U.S. dollars. China Mobile, the British telecom company Vodafone, and Deutsche Telekom are also amongst the leading telecom brands worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the global revenue for enterprise resource planning (ERP) software from 2011 to 2013, and a forecast for 2017. By 2017, global revenues for ERP software are predicted to reach 34.36 billion U.S. dollars, this is in line with other estimates for the global ERP market. ERP software is business process management software designed to ease or automate many of the back office functions relating to human resources, services, and technology. This provides the integration of many facets of modern business operations, such as product planning, manufacturing, and marketing, within a single program or program suite. The target customers of ERP software are generally large businesses, whose processes and systems are more complex and require software assistance to manage effectively. While ERP software for smaller businesses does exist, such software is often tailored to a specific industry. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for coconut oil from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for coconut oil stood at 997 nominal U.S. dollars per metric ton. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 3.7 billion U.S. dollars. Los Angeles Lakers The Los Angeles Lakers are a professional basketball franchise of the National Basketball Association (NBA) that is part of the league’s Western Conference. The team was started in 1947 and originally located in Minneapolis, Minnesota. Prior to the 1960/61 season the franchise was moved to Los Angeles. Today the Lakers play their home games at Staples Center, which is located on Downtown Los Angeles and has a capacity of about 19 thousand for basketball games. In the 2018/19 season the Los Angeles Lakers had an average per game attendance of 18,997 with a total attendance of about 779 thousand. Tickets to Lakers home games cost 103.27 U.S. dollars in 2015/16 according to Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index. The overall league-wide average ticket price was at 55.88 U.S. dollars in the 2015/16 season. Forbes ascribes the franchise a total value of 4.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2020, an increase in value of 700 million U.S. dollars compared to the previous year. The Los Angeles Lakers are one of three franchises that are currently valued at four billion U.S. dollars or more. The revenue of the Los Angeles Lakers was at 434 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. The Lakers are one of the most successful franchises of the National Basketball Association with a total of 16 championships under their belt. Only the Boston Celtics have won more titles with a total of 17. Some of the best players ever, such as Jerry West, Earvin ‘Magic’ Johnson, Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Shaquille O’Neal and Kobe Bryant have played for the Los Angeles Lakers franchise. 
 Forecasts suggest that nearly 13.5 million microwave ovens will be shipped in the United States in 2019, marking the product’s highest sales figure in years. Although quite a mature market, microwave oven shipments have fluctuated significantly over the past few decades. Between 2005 and 2013 total shipments fell from around 13.9 million to 9.2 million per year; but in recent years the market has recovered to previous levels. Small household appliances The small household appliance industry to which microwave ovens belong generally includes household appliances with some degree of portability. Unlike refrigerators and washing machines, small household appliances tend to be countertop products that can be stored away when unneeded. As of 2017, the average American spent well over 100 dollars per year on small appliances such as microwaves, toasters, vacuums, and coffee makers. This 2017 average spending figure marked an all-time high. Electrolux, a leading home appliance company based in Stockholm, Sweden, recorded over 800 million dollars in small appliance net sales in 2018. 
 The statistic depicts the smartphone penetration in Malaysia as share of the population from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 49 percent of the population in Malaysia used a smartphone. 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the Japanese yen (EUR JPY), according to data from the European Central Bank, from the introduction of the euro in 1999 up until 2019. The average, or standardized, measure shows the calculation based on many observations throughout the period in question, which is different than an annual measure at point in time: this denotes concrete values as of the end of the year. Between the years of 2000 and 2007, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the Japanese yen noted an overall increase. In 2007, the euro to Japanese yen annual average exchange rate was equal to 161.25, which meant that one euro could buy 161.25 Japanese yen. By 2019 this value had decreased overall, to a value of 122.01, which meant that one euro could buy 122.01 Japanese yen. 
 This statistic depicts the revenue of chemical company Dupont from 2008 to 2016. In 2016, DuPont generated some 24.5 billion U.S. dollars of revenue. DuPont, with full name E. I. du Pont de Nemours and Company, was a U.S.-based chemical company, and one of the largest companies in this industry worldwide. It wass headquartered in Wilmington, Delaware. On September 1, 2017, Dow Chemical and DuPont successfully completed their merger of equals. From that date onwards the single company is known as DowDuPont. 
 This statistic depicts coconut production worldwide from 2000 to 2017. In 2014, global coconut production amounted to about 61.44 million metric tons. Coconut production - additional information Commonly referred to as the “tree of life”, the coconut has a wide range of uses. The coir, a natural elastic fiber taken from coconut husks, can be used to make floor mats, brushes, ropes and strings. Coconut leaves can be used to make brooms, baskets, roofing thatches and temporary sheds. Coconut lumber is used for building houses and furniture. Fuel and charcoal can be produced from husks and coconut shells. Coconut oil, coconut milk and copra are among products extracted from coconut meat. Coconut water has gained popularity over the last few years—not only as refreshment but also as a sports drink. In addition to that, coconuts have been used to create musical instruments in China, Vietnam, the Middle East and Eastern Europe. In the Philippines, alcoholic beverages are created from coconuts. While the coconut is a staple in many households in tropical regions, it is still considered exotic by most Western countries. Agriculturists classify the coconut as a drupe which is a fruit, a nut and a seed in one. Many Asian cultures consider the coconut as a potent cure for illnesses such as nausea, rash, fever and the like. Moreover, nutritionists claim that coconuts contain naturally sterile electrolytes, high amounts of fiber, lauric acid, manganese, potassium and phosphorus. Since 2007, about 60 million metric tons of coconuts had been produced worldwide annually. In 2015, U.S. sales of coconut milk amounted to approximately 201 million U.S. dollars. Silk and So Delicious were the best-selling refrigerated coconut milk brands in the United States in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Tanzania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Tanzania amounted to about 3.51 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the number of participating countries in the Summer Olympics from 1896 to 2016. In 2016, athletes from 207 countries participated in the Summer Olympics in Rio de Janeiro, Brazil. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Ethiopia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Ethiopia amounted to about 13.83 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the import of goods to China from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, goods worth approximately 1.84 trillion U.S. dollars were imported to China. Imports to China – additional information In 2013, China had surpassed the United States as the world’s largest goods trader. That year, China’s imports and exports had summed up to more than four trillion U.S. dollars. As shown in the graph at hand, there has been a fairly steady increase in imports over the last decade, except in 2009. China’s imports of goods had decreased by around 11 percent due to the global financial crisis in 2009, before recovering to a positive growth in 2010.In 2012, China's import contribution to the gross domestic product (GDP) had ranged at more than 20 percent. The European Union (EU) is one of China’s most important trading partners, with imports worth approximately 220 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. EU exports to China were mainly focused on machinery and motor vehicles. In 2012, China had imported cars from the EU with a value of approximately 19 billion euros.Another commonly used economic indicator for international trade is a country’s trade balance. It refers to the value of exported goods minus the value of imported goods. In 2013, China had generated a trade surplus, which amounted to around 260 billion U.S. dollars, hitting a record high since 2009. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Nigeria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Nigeria's real gross domestic product increased by around 1.92 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the population growth in India from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the population of India grew by about 1.04 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Bangladesh from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Bangladesh population was 25.7 years. 
 This statistic shows a forecast of the volume of nickel consumption globally from 2015 to 2020. By 2020, it is predicted that nickel consumption will reach nearly 2.4 million metric tons worldwide. Nickel is most commonly used for making steels, nonferrous alloys, and electroplating. It is also common in both industrial and commercial products. 
 In 2017, approximately 36.5 million people had access to the internet in Thailand. This figure is projected to grow to about 57.4 million in 2023. As the figures suggest, the number of internet users has been gradually increasing since 2015. Internet usage in Asia Pacific Similarly, the number of internet users in Asia Pacific has grown steadily since 2014, and it was estimated to grow to 48.8 percent of the population by 2019. As of January 2019, China had the highest number of internet users, followed by India, Indonesia, and Japan. Internet user profile in Thailand In 2017, 46 million over 16-year-olds in Thailand were internet users. Thai internet users spent 10 hours and 5 minutes on average using the internet in 2018, which increased from 2017 by 3 hours and 30 minutes. As of January 2018, it was also reported that the most used device to access internet among Thai users were mobile phones, followed by laptops and desktops. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in the United Kingdom from 1999 to 2019. The UK's unemployment rate decreased to 3.81 percent in 2019. Unemployment and the economy of the United Kingdom The global financial crisis of 2008 left many nations with high inflation and increasing unemployment rates. The United Kingdom, however, has attempted and successfully lowered the unemployment rate since 2009. The UK is a member of the Commonwealth of Nations, the Council of Europe, the G7, the G8, the G20, NATO, and World Trade Organization. It is therefore one of the biggest and most important economic powers in the world. It consists of England, Scotland, Wales and Northern Ireland, and in 2014, the UK population amounted to over 64 million people. The same year, it reported the sixth largest gross domestic product in the world, reaching more than 2.8 billion U.S. dollars - and with a prospering economy, its GDP is on the upswing: It is estimated that the GDP in the United Kingdom will grow by approximately 3 percent in 2015 in comparison to the previous year. Regarding unemployment, the UK has never been "typically European". Europe's unemployment rate has been relatively high in comparison to other world regions; the unemployment rate in developed countries and the European Union in 2014 was around 7.8 percent. Meanwhile, the global unemployment rate in 2014 was an estimated 5.9 percent. Despite reporting the third highest unemployment rate in major industrial and emerging countries, behind France and India, the unemployment rate in the United Kingdom is much lower than the European Union rate. 
 This graph shows the number of executions of inmates on death row in the United States from 1976 to 2019, by state. As of November 18, 2019, Texas has executed a total of 566 people since the reinstatement of capital punishment in the United States in 1976. 
 This line graph shows the number of road traffic fatalities per year in Greece between 2006 and 2018. In 2009, 1,456 individuals were killed in motor vehicle accidents. An overall decrease in the number of road deaths was observed within the time period shown. The highest number of road fatalities in this timeframe occurred in 2006, the first entry in this statistic. From 2006 to 2018, the number of road traffic fatalities decreased by 957. Since 2012 there were fewer than 1,000 road fatalities in Greece per annum.From 2015 to 2016 the number of road fatalities increased slightly from 793 fatalities to 824 fatalities. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees at Ecolab between 2009 and 2018. Ecolab Inc. is a leading company in cleaning, sanitizing, pest elimination services, food safety and infection prevention products and services worldwide. In 2008, the corporation had 26,568 employees. Ecolab’s number of employees Ecolab Inc. is a leading company in cleaning, sanitizing, pest elimination services, food safety, and infection prevention products and services worldwide. The company was founded in 1923 and is currently headquartered in St. Paul, Minnesota, USA. Of some 45,400 total individuals employed by Ecolab in 2013, over 25,000 were employed in sales-and-services, making Ecolab’s the largest direct sales-and-service force in its industry. Ecolab’s number of employees grew considerably from 2010 to 2018, when the company went from 26,494 employees to 49,000 employees. In addition to increases in number of employees, Ecolab’s revenue and Ecolab’s net income have grown in recent years. Ecolab’s revenue was 6.1 billion U.S. dollars in 2010. Revenues grew to 14.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2014. The corporation’s business mix was quite diverse in 2013; when revenue is broken down by segment, one sees that Global Industrial accounted for 4.9 billion U.S. dollars of revenue, or roughly 34 percent of sales. The segment Global Institutional accounted for 4.2 billion U.S. dollars in revenues, or 30 percent of total sales. In its annual report, Ecolab reported making a number of strategic acquisitions in 2012. They acquired Quimiproducts S.A. de C.V, a leading manufacturer and provider of sanitizing, cleaning and water treatment products and services to beverage and brewery customers in South America. InsetCenter, a key player in the Brazilian pest control market, was also acquired by Ecolab that year. In April 2013, Ecolab closed on its acquisition of Champion Technologies, a leading global oilfield production chemical company, and related company and CorsiTech. The transaction was valued at 2.3 billion. 
 The statistic presents the number of copies E.L. James's 'Fifty Shades of Grey' sold in selected countries worldwide as of February 2014. The book sold more than one million copies in Germany as of February 2014 and a total of over 100 million worldwide. During a survey in 2016, romance ranked third in a list of preferred e-book genres in the United States. At the top of the list was the mystery/thriller genre, which 50 percent of respondents cited as their preferred e-book genre. The romance genre was more popular amongst women, with 44 percent of female respondents stating that romance was their favorite e-book genre. 
 This statistic outlines the research and development costs of ExxonMobil from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, ExxonMobil's research and development costs amounted to 1.12 billion U.S. dollars. ExxonMobil is a United States-based multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving, Texas. ExxonMobil key facts The ExxonMobil Corporation is a U.S. oil and gas corporation, headquartered in Irving, Texas. It was formed in 1999 through the fusion of Exxon and Mobil, previously known as Standard Oil of New York and Standard Oil of New Jersey respectively. The company traces its roots back to John D. Rockeffeller’s Standard Oil Company, which was founded in 1870. Today, ExxonMobil is one of the largest companies in the world. According to the Financial Times, ExxonMobil is the world’s number one oil and gas company based on market capitalization. As of 2018, ExxonMobil had a market capitalization of some 283 billion U.S. dollars. Based on 2017 revenue, ExxonMobil was the ninth largest company worldwide, topped by Wal-Mart, State Grid, Toyota, Volkswagen, and four other oil and gas companies: Sinopec, China National Petroleum, Royal Dutch Shell, and BP. Research and development expenditure in the oil and gas industry is not as high as in some other major industries. For example, the chemical industry spends around three percent of its revenue for R&D purposes. Pharmaceutical companies spend even more – often between 15 and 20 percent. In 2018, ExxonMobil spent around 1.1 billion US dollars on research and development. One decade earlier, in 2008, this figure stood at some 847 million U.S. dollars. However, oil and gas companies like ExxonMobil always have to cover exploration expenses. In 2018, these costs came to some 1.47 billion U.S. dollars for ExxonMobil. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cleveland Cavaliers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 50.02 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the total attendance at popular music concerts in the United States from 2003 to 2013. In 2013, 59.44 million people attended a popular music concert at least once. The music concert industry – additional information In 2016, Beyonce and Guns 'N' Rose were among the most successful music tours in North America, generating 169.4 million U.S. dollars and 130.8 million U.S. dollars, respectively in gross revenue. During that same time, Bruce Springsteen and Coldplay led some of the most successful global tours, generating 268.3 million U.S. dollars and 241 million U.S. dollars, respectively.Ticket sales revenue in North America reached their highest point in 2016, totaling 7.3 billion U.S. dollars. The concert industry is benefiting from increasing number of shows, ticket sales, as well as ticket prices. Foro Sol, a large outdoor venue built in 1993 in Mexico City, had ticket sales amounting to almost one million units in 2016. Live Nation is one of the leading global music promoters, selling over 44 million tickets in 2016. A merger between Live Nation and Ticketmaster formed the current company, Live Nation Entertainment in 2010. It is based in California, United States, and focuses on promoting live music events. Utilization of social media has also enabled a broader market reach. The integration of mobile devices in parallel with the concert experience has allowed for ticket purchases, skipping entry lines, and new apps. 
 The statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in Switzerland from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a change in it is a sign of economic growth. In 2017, the GDP in Switzerland grew by about 1.86 percent compared to the previous year. Switzerland's economy Switzerland holds one of the steadiest and secure economies in the world, enticing international investors as well as the world’s richest to deposit their money within the country. Switzerland’s relatively low population is highly educated and specialized in the workforce, something that essentially leads to a prosperous economy. In addition to its workforce earning some of the highest salaries in the world, Switzerland maintained one of the lowest unemployment rates in the Europe, despite being affected by the 2008 financial crisis. With higher wages and specialized jobs, economic growth as well as production within the country continued to grow, a fact most evident through values of GDP. As a result, Switzerland’s gross domestic product per capita was ranked among one of the highest in the world. However, economic growth did not occur too rapidly and wages were set at a reasonable controllable amount, which allowed Switzerland to maintain a low inflation rate. 
 This statistic represents the total electricity net generation in the United States between 1950 and 2018. In 2018, approximately 4.2 trillion kilowatt hours of electricity were generated in the United States. U.S. electricity generation In 2018, the United States generated some 4.2 petawatt hours of electricity. Broken down by energy source, this includes about 66.6 billion kilowatt hours from solar energy and 274.95 billion kilowatt hours from wind power. While the bulk of US electricity is produced by investor-owned electric utilities, municipal utilities, federal agencies and utility co-operatives, a growing fraction of electricity – especially from renewable sources – is generated by private homes and businesses. As renewable energy sources such as wind and solar are gaining in importance, large companies including Google and IKEA are starting to accelerate renewable energy installations in order to actually produce more power than they use. Between 2005 and 2015, U.S. renewable energy generation increased from 358 terawatt hours to 550 terawatt hours of electricity. The residential sector was ranked as the largest consumer of electricity in the United States. Retail electricity sales of some 1.46 petawatt hours went to residential users in 2018. Residential consumers are also asked to pay the most for electricity. The average retail price of electricity stood at around 10.58 US dollar cents per kilowatt hour in 2018. Residential users paid the highest prices for electricity while the commercial industry paid about 9.46 U.S. cents per kilowatt hour in comparison. 
 The statistic shows the number of millionaires in China from 2012 to 2019. According to the report, there were 1.58 million millionaires who had personal wealth of over 10 million yuan in China in 2018, decreased from 1.61 million in the previous year. 
 This statistic represents the rate of Salmonella in the United States, as of 2018, by state. As of that year, South Dakota had the second highest rate of Salmonella in the United States with almost 35 new cases per every 100,000 population. Salmonella in the United States Within the U.S., the rate of salmonella was the second highest in South Dakota, totaling about 35.4 new cases per 100,000 population, as of 2018, only topped by Mississippi with 39.8 new cases per 100,000 population. In total, there were 16.7 cases of salmonellosis per every 100,000 population in the United States. Between 1991 and 2016, there were 3,796 illnesses due to salmonella linked to live poultry in the country as well as 6 deaths. Salmonellosis, an infection caused by Salmonella, usually lasts between 4 to 7 days and generally patients recover without any treatment. Salmonella can be transferred from animal products to humans so the best preventative measures are to cook food such as poultry, ground beef, and eggs thoroughly. Cross-contamination of these food items should also be avoided. In very young and elderly patients, the bacteria may enter the bloodstream and require antibiotherapy to cure the patient. Salmonella can also lead to other illnesses such as typhoid fever, paratyphoid fever, and food poisoning. About 67.9 million U.S. dollars were donated for research and development on the Salmonella infection globally in 2015. 
 The statistic depicts South Africa's real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, South Africa's real GDP had increased by about 0.79 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the GDP per capita in France from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, GDP per capita in France was at around 42,953.27 US dollars.Suffering competitiveness GDP is one of the primary indicators that is used to gauge the state of health of a country’s economy. It is the total market value of all completed goods and services that have been produced within a country in a given period of time, usually a year. GDP figures allow us to understand a country’s economy in a clear way. Real GDP, in a similar way, is also a very useful indicator; this is a measurement that takes prices changes (inflation and deflation) into account, therefore acting as a key indicator for economic growth. Gross domestic product per capita in France is predicted to continue falling in 2013 after a short period of growth in 2011 indicated that it may not, in fact, be on the mend. The country has been suffering significant economic hardship since the economic crisis of 2008 swept across the world. The European Union’s second largest economy is experiencing a shocking deterioration in its level of competitiveness. The items – cars, clothing, steel, electrical goods – that France is producing are simply failing to compete with the goods produced by Asian countries and its European neighbours, which, in turn, is leading to an accelerating fall in exports and a notable decline in the service and manufacturing sectors that support them. It could be argued that up until now France has managed to maintain its status as a reliable northern eurozone country, propped up by the uncontested reliability and strength of its principal partner, Germany. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in the United States from 1990 to 2018. The median household income was 63,179 U.S. dollars in 2018. Household income The median household income depicts the income of households, including the income of the householder and all other individuals aged 15 years or over living in the household. Income includes wages and salaries, unemployment insurance, disability payments, child support payments received, regular rental receipts, as well as any personal business, investment, or other kinds of income received routinely. The median household income in the United States varies from state to state. In 2018, the median household income was 86,345 U.S. dollars in Massachusetts, while the median household income in Mississippi was approximately 42,781 U.S. dollars at that time. Household income is also used to determine the poverty line in the United States. In 2018, about 11.8 percent of the U.S. population was living in poverty. The child poverty rate, which represents people under the age of 18 living in poverty, has been growing steadily over the first decade since the turn of the century, from 16.2 percent of the children living below the poverty line in year 2000 to 22 percent in 2010. In 2018, it had lowered to 16.2 percent. The state with the widest gap between the rich and the poor was New York, with a gini coefficient score of 0.52 in 2017. The Gini coefficient is calculated by looking at average income rates. A score of zero would reflect perfect income equality and a score of one indicates a society where one person would have all the money and all other people have nothing. 
 Alaska is the largest U.S. state in terms of area and also contains some areas of the most untamed wildlife in North America. In 2012, there was around 91.8 million acres of forest area located in Alaska, more than any other U.S. state. U.S. lumber production The United States lumber industry has seen ups and downs over the last several years. In 2006, some 49.74 billion board feet of lumber were produced in the United States. Three years later this figure had decreased to around 30.2 billion board feet, the lowest it had been in recent years. By 2016, the production volume of lumber had recovered somewhat, reaching 41 billion board feet. U.S. national park system As a country with so much natural splendor, it only makes sense that there is a vast network of national parks and forests in the United States dedicated to preservation and public enjoyment. In 2018, the Golden Gate National Recreation Area in California was the leading unit in the national park system in terms of visitors. In addition, 58 percent of American campers intended to visit a national park in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the net income of The Wendy's Company worldwide from 2009 to 2019. Fast food chain Wendy's had a net income of approximately 136.9 million U.S. dollars in 2019. This shows a 70 percent decrease over previous year's total amounting to 460.1 million U.S. dollars. 
 This timeline shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Afghanistan from 2004 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Afghanistan's gross domestic product per capita amounted to an estimated 569.53 U.S. dollars. Afghanistan's economy Over the past decade, Afghanistan’s gross domestic product has increased approximately threefold, with the most prominent surge occurring between 2009 and 2010. The substantial improvement of Afghanistan’s GDP and the country's economic situation in general is a result of billions of dollars worth of international investments as well as enhancements in agricultural production. However, many aspects of Afghanistan’s economy are still flawed, most distinctly within its employment sector, but also regarding revenues and expenses. Afghanistan held one of the highest unemployment rates in the world in 2009, with roughly 35 percent of its entire population being registered as unemployed. Additionally, Afghanistan has maintained a trade deficit over the past decade, implying that its imports exceeded its exports. The country’s highest trade deficits occurred after the financial crisis took place, however has since impeded. Another reason for Afghanistan’s economic crisis was the Afghan War. Prior to the war, the country had struggled economically in many forms and became further encumbered after the destruction of infrastructure, production facilities and farmland, as well as trade routes. However with President Obama’s plan to pull American soldiers from Afghan soil and to end the war, it is expected that the economic situation in Afghanistan will improve. 
 This statistic represents the projected global revenue from construction equipment sales between 2017 and 2020. In 2020, it is expected that this market will be sized at almost 90 billion U.S. dollars. Size of the global construction equipment market Caterpillar, Komatsu and Hitachi are among the world’s leading manufacturers of construction equipment, which includes excavators, wheel loaders, pavers and concrete mixers. Construction machinery manufacturers sell their equipment to customers in the private as well as the public segment, the latter one being highly dependent on investment efforts undertaken by political decision makers. During the 2008 financial crisis, many politicians delayed the continued renewal of their countries’ infrastructure, resulting in a stark decline in market volume particularly in mature economies such as Japan. The global market for construction equipment is expected to grow by 28 percent from around 70 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 to approximately 90 billion U.S. dollars in 2020. While manufacturers are hoping for stabilization in the Chinese market, India is expected to hold the largest potential for growth. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of League of Legends (LoL) monthly active users worldwide from 2011 to 2016. In 2016, LoL had 100 million MAU, up from 90 million in 2015. Being one of the most prominent eSports games, in 2015 LoL championship finals attracted 36 million viewers worldwide. What is more, with the rise of gaming video content popularity, video games enthusiasts can now watch other players try their chances in the game, from the comfort of their own home. And so, League of Legends was one of the top games on Twitch, based on the number of hours viewed in 2016. It comes a no surprise that LoL held the highest share of the MOBA games revenues that year. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Italy from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Italy was around 9.22 percent. Economy and employment in Italy Since reaching a decade low in 2007, unemployment in Italy has experienced considerable surges, most notably after 2011. This is mainly the cause of their late 2000s recession, originally triggered by the global crisis. Additionally, Italy experienced its highest spike in national debt from 2007 to 2011), indicating that it is becoming more dependent on other nations to fund and fuel its economy. A significant reason for the country’s national debt is inefficient budgeting as well as incompetent leadership. Over the same timeframe as the crisis, Italy reported extensive trade deficits year-over-year, implying that they imported more than they exported. Italy experienced its largest trade deficit in 2010, mainly from their trade balance of goods, which reached a decade low. In 2013, Italy earned a place as one of the top 20 leading import countries worldwide, ahead of prominent exporters such as Canada and Saudi Arabia. This signifies that the country is in fact capable of producing and selling goods however require funding from other countries to complete the job, which subsequently leads to a higher national debt. 
 This statistic shows the number of confirmed homicides in Sweden from 2008 to 2018. The number of homicides has fluctuated in this period. In 2017, the number stood at 113 homicides which was relatively high considering the whole 10-year period. The lowest number within this time period was registered in 2012, with 68 confirmed homicides. The number of confirmed homicides in Sweden in 2018 was 108. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Italy from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Italy was around 34,320.75 U.S. dollars. Italy's struggling economy Italy’s GDP per capita has been unstable since 2008, often experiencing slight increases and decreases annually. The third largest economy of the euro area not only suffered from the global financial crisis, they were also one of the primary victims of the euro area crisis. One of the outcomes is the significant growth of Italy’s national debt, which saw continued upsurges every year over the past decade. With the collapse of investments and loss of industrial production, the Italian state was forced to resort to increase taxation and decrease spending. Additionally, Italy was forced to borrow more, which in turn increased national debt and furthermore their debt-to-GDP ratio. A debt-to-GDP ratio is significant to help determine if a country can pay off its debts without incurring more. Increased taxation and decrease spending helped with reducing expenditures as well as raising revenues, however Italy still maintained a trade balance deficit, which has only recently< started to recover. Several reasons for Italy’s downturn as a country are unnecessary spending and incompetent leadership. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in Turkey from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Turkey was at about 11.9 percent. Trade in Turkey Turkey is a growing market and recognized as one of the world’s newest industrialized countries. Partially due Turkey’s fast growing economy, the country was able to save up and maintain a relatively large currency reserve. Currency reserves are most important in dire financial situations. Turkey is also a member of the G-20 major economies and the EU Customs Union, an organization made up of EU countries as well as neighboring countries that essentially allow no customs to be levied on goods being traded within the borders of these countries. As a result, a large percentage of goods imported and exported were going to and coming from countries within the custom borders. However, many Turkish officials believed that it was necessary to expand exports beyond westernized countries in order to further develop the country’s trade sector, and for this reason, trades with countries such as Iran and Iraq. Primary imports into Turkey consist of machinery, chemicals, semi-finished goods, fuels and transport equipment. Additionally, a large part of those imports are made up of cotton, with Turkey being one of the largest importers of cotton in the world. Due to large imports and struggles with its exports, Turkey reported a trade deficit every year over the past decade with increasing difficulties to attain a trade surplus. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in Poland from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Poland amounted to about 3.27 percent. Economy of Poland Poland holds the sixth largest economy and is the ninth most populated country in the EU, with the country’s population remaining relatively stagnant over the past decade. Poland’s economy has maintained rather strong and stable, and its GDP was reported to have grown over the past several years, despite being affected by the global recession of 2009. Various factors that attributed to the fast recovery and maintenance of Poland’s economy were a large market as well as multiple economic transformations that were essentially introduced to help with the country’s transition from the fall of communism. Additionally, Poland sustained a low level of debt, particularly in comparison with the country’s gross domestic product, which indicates that Poland is capable of paying back its debts without incurring further debt. Poland primarily trades with its European neighbors, most prominently Germany. Imports within the country consist mainly of goods that are used for manufacturing and as a result, Poland reported a trade balance deficit. However, since these goods are used for the further development of the country rather than for consumption, a trade balance deficit is seen as acceptable and rather positive than negative. Today, Poland’s industry is principally focused on machinery, electronics and car manufacturing and has several large mining reserves available for export and further reconstruction within the country. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Jordan from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Jordan amounted to about 4.46 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Malaysia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up to 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Malaysia amounted to about 0.97 percent compared to the previous year. Malaysia's economy is slowly recovering The inflation rate is the annual rate of increase of a price index, normally the consumer price index over time. If the same item bought today for 1 U.S. dollar is bought again one year from now, but for 1.03 U.S. dollars, then the inflation rate is at 3 percent. Generally, a low inflation rate is sought by every country, and a rate of 3 percent, as is estimated for Malaysia in the next few years, is considered low. However, there was a slight rise in Malaysia’s inflation rate, from close to 2 percent in 2010 to a little over 3 percent in 2011. In 2012, it dropped back down to its normal rate, but future estimates predict a slight increase once again. Perhaps this increase has come from initial worries concerning the country’s slowing economy as the country’s GDP growth slowed from 7.43 percent in 2010 to 5.19 percent in 2011, or its negative budget balance in relation to GDP which was at its recent worst in 2010 at -4.66 percent. At the same time, the country’s national debt was also rising, but predictions show that this trend is reversing. Yet, the economic outlook and inflation rate still appear stable for the future of Malaysia, and the inflation rate is below the global inflation rate. Furthermore, the country’s GDP continues to rise and totaled 326.93 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. 
 The statistic shows total U.S. arms exports in the years 2000 to 2018 expressed in TIV. The TIV is based on the known unit production costs of a core set of weapons and is intended to represent the transfer of military resources rather than the financial value of the transfer. The TIV is expressed here in million constant U.S. dollars as of 1990. In 2018, the U.S. arms exports totaled to about 10,508 million constant (1990) U.S. dollars. The depicted export value is only an indicator and does not correspond to the actual financial value of the transfers. 
 This statistic shows the market share held by ultrabooks as a percentage of global notebook shipments from 2011 to 2015. Ultrabooks are forecast to account for 42.7 percent of global notebook PC shipments in 2015, up from just 1.8 percent in 2011. In 2012, Apple's MacBook Air shipments are expected to total 8.4 million devices. With estimated combined sales of 4.2 million ultrabooks in 2012, Hewlett-Packard and Lenovo aren't likely to come close to Apple. 
 The statistics shows the average number of civilian deaths per day by car bombs and suicide attacks in Iraq war from 2003 to 2013*. As of January 19, 2013, there were an average of 6.4 civilian deaths per day caused by suicide attacks and car bombs in 2013. Iraq war The Iraq war was launched in March 2003 upon the invasion of Iraq by U.S. forces. Eight years later, in December 2011, the US formally declared and end to the Iraq war. According to the survey among U.S. citizens, which was conducted by Gallup in March 2013, ten years after the invasion of Iraq, 53 percent of the participants stated that the Iraq War was a mistake. Civilian casualties are the deaths of non-military individuals as a result of military operations. Due to the data from Iraqbodycount.org, 29 thousand civilian deaths were documented in 2006. Many of these fatalities were caused by car bombs and suicide attacks. The average number of civilian deaths per day due to these methods culminated in 2007 with 22 people killed per day. Not only civilian casualties can be counted during the Iraq War, many American soldiers lost their lives in the Iraq War. In 2007, 904 U.S. soldier’s deaths were reported in Iraq. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in Mexico from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Mexico's population was 27.7 years. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Colombia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Colombia amounted to about 3.24 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The annual revenue of Debenhams has fallen flat in the past decade, stagnating around 2.2 million British pounds in 2018 as displayed in this statistic. One of the household names in UK high streets, Debenhams went into administration in April 2019, after rejecting Sports Direct’s buyout offer. Since then, Debenhams has been involved in yet more legal drama with its creditors and landlords, as well as Sports Direct’s renewed attempts to derail if not devour the department store retailer. International markets Debenhams is one of the oldest department stores in the United Kingdom. Established in 1778 in London, the retailer is active in Denmark, in addition to the UK and Ireland. In fact, revenue coming from Denmark makes this country the biggest market after the UK. Woes of department stores It is not just Debenhams that is struggling with sales and maintaining its position in UK high streets. Marks and Spencer and House of Fraser are two other department store retailers whose share in this market has shrunk in recent years. In fact, House of Fraser is another department store retailer to have gone into administration and eventually be bought by Sports Direct in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for St. Louis Cardinals games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 35.54 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in home gym exercise in the United States from 2006 to 2013. In 2012, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in home gym exercise amounted to approximately 25.4 million. Home gym exercise - additional information The number of participants in home gym exercise in the United States fell slightly from 26.69 million in 2006 down to 25.51 million in 2013. Special equipment, for example cross trainers, exercise bikes and benches, is needed to start home exercise. One of the most expensive pieces of home gym equipment is a multi-purpose home gym. Multi-purpose home gyms are benches with various functions that combine numerous ways to train the body. In 2013, the average retail price of a multi-purpose home gym amounted to around 636 U.S. dollars in the United States. In terms of other sports equipment prices, billiard/pool tables were the most expensive sporting goods. To purchase a billiard or pool table, consumers had to spend around 760 U.S. dollars in 2013. Recent statistics show that the number of health clubs and fitness centers in the United States increased from 29,750 in 2009 to 32,150 in 2013. Globally, the United States is the country with the most health clubs, followed by Brazil. In addition, the number of memberships at heath clubs/fitness centers has increased since 2000 and reached a peak in 2013 with 52.9 million memberships. This positive trend can also be seen in the fitness center/health club industry revenue. Since 2000, the revenue of fitness centers/health clubs has risen steadily and amounted to 22.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. 
 In the first two months of 2020, 2.3 thousand migrants arrived by sea in Italy. In 2019, 11.5 thousand migrants arrivals on the Italian coasts. Between 2014 and 2019, the number of migrants setting foot in the country peaked in 2016 at 181 thousand individuals. Among the most frequent nationalities declared upon arrivals, Tunisian and Pakistani ranked first and second. More specifically, 2.6 thousand people declared coming from Tunisia, while 1.2 thousand were Pakistani. Asylum seekers and minors among the migrants In September 2019, the largest number of asylum applicants in Italy were from Pakistan. For instance, 779 requests were recorded only in that month. In addition, 218 applicants were from Nigeria, the second most common nationality among the asylum seekers. In the last years, many unaccompanied minors reached the Italian coasts. Between January and October 2019, over a thousand children migrated without their parents into the country. Contrasting opinions and distorted perceptions According to the data published by Ipsos, a part of Italians tend to overestimate the size of the immigrated population. The results of this survey uncovered the presence of distorted perceptions in 2018: people thought that about 28 percent of the Italian population was not born in Italy, whereas the actual percentage was around ten. Furthermore, the public opinion on migration was controversial. In the same year, roughly half of the population perceived migrants as a risk for the Italian economy. On the other hand, 18 percent of Italians believed that migration could be a resource for the country. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in India from 2015 to 2023. In 2018, 390.9 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 500.9 million mobile phone internet users. 
 This graph shows population projections for the United States of America. The estimated population of the USA in 2050 is 398 million residents. Population The U.S. Census Bureau presents annual projections for the growth of the U.S. population up to the year 2060. By 2050, it is estimated that the American population will surpass 398 million citizens. The U.S. census also projects a regressing annual growth rate, starting at 0.8 percent in 2015 and decreasing to 0.46 percent by 2060. The UN population division publishes population projections for the entire world up to the year 2100. The United Nations also projects a regressing annual growth rate of the world population. Between 2015 and 2020, the population is expected to increase by 1.04 percent annually. Around 2060, the annual growth rate will have decreased to 0.34 percent. 
 This statistic depicts organic food sales in the United States from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, organic food sales in the United States amounted to about 47.9 billion U.S. dollars. Organic food Organic foods are foods that are manufactured using organic farming standards. Those agricultural standards are regulated by the department of government responsible for them and contain regulations for the cultivation of food and animal welfare. In particular, the use of chemical fertilizers, synthetic pesticides, growth hormones and antibiotics is not allowed or only partly permitted. In addition, fewer food additives are permitted for the processing of organic foods. In the United States, organic foods are certified by the National Organic Program. Products which have fulfilled the criteria are labeled with the term ‘organic’ on the food packaging. Organic food sales have experienced tremendous growth in the last decade. For this reason, not only specialized retailers sell organic foods but also traditional supermarkets and discounters. Widely known specialized organic retailers in the United States include Whole Foods Market and Sprouts Farmers Market. Whole Foods Market is the largest specialized organic retailer in the United States with headquarters in Austin, Texas. It was founded in 1980 and operates more than 450 stores in the United States. In general, organic foods are usually offered at a higher price level than their conventional counterparts. A recent survey revealed that consumers actively try to include organic products in their diet. Whether or not organic foods are healthier and more nutritious compared to conventionally farmed produce is a much debated subject. Up to now, no evidence of significant differences between the two farming methods where taste or health are concerned has been established. 
 The statistic shows the average inflation rate in Switzerland from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Switzerland was approximately 0.94 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the size of the labor force in Italy from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020. In 2018, Italy had a labor force of around 23.22 million people. 
 The statistic shows the fertility rate in India from 2007 to 2017. In the year 2017, about 2.24 children were born per woman of childbearing age. Despite a decreasing fertility rate, the total population of India is expected to increase over the next few years. 
 Between 2016 and 2018, the production volume of meat worldwide has increased from 317 million metric tons to 327 million metric tons. Top producers of meat Asia has the highest production of meat of any world region, at 141.7 million metric tons in 2017. The Americas came in second at 104 million metric tons in that year. Despite this, several of the top meat production companies worldwide are based in the United States, such as Tyson, Hormel Foods, and National Beef. In 2017, Tyson had the highest market capitalization, making it the leading meat production corporation in the world. Meat consumption worldwide In 2017, poultry and pork were the two most popular kinds of meat in terms of global consumption. However, by 2021 it is projected that poultry consumption will overtake pork consumption by a large margin. When it comes to per capita sales, Estonians purchase the highest volume of meat products and sausage worldwide, followed by United States. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Indonesia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Indonesian population was 28.5 years. Life in Indonesia The Republic of Indonesia is a sovereign state archipelago in Southeast Asia. Indonesia is made up of more than 17,000 islands, with the biggest three being Java, Sumatra and Borneo. In 2010, Indonesia reported a total population of around 238 million people, and it is estimated that this figure will increase to around 255 million inhabitants by 2015. The biggest cities in Indonesia are its capital Jakarta, Surabaya, and Bandung. Jakarta alone is home to more than 9.6 million inhabitants. Currently, there are more than 7 billion people in the world and Asia is the continent with the largest population. More than 4 billion people lived in Asia in mid-2014. Indonesia is the second most populous country in Asia, behind China (262879) and the fourth most populous nation in the world. As a result of an improving economy and better health and living conditions, life expectancy in Indonesia is steadily increasing - between 2002 and 2012, it increased by almost 3 years (319158). Due of a decreasing fertility rate, Indonesian parents are able to more easily provide for their families and the population is still increasing and living longer. The average age of the population in Indonesia is estimated to be around 28.4 years in 2015. 
 This statistic shows the global business travel spending growth forecast from 2015 to 2020. Global business travel spending was forecasted to increase by 6 percent in 2017 and a further 6.1 percent in 2018. Business travel - additional information Business in the 21st century is no longer limited to a small geographical area, as internet communication and almost universal access to travel and accommodation allow for easy national and transnational movement between companies, their partners, customers, suppliers or distributors. Although multinational corporations and business travel have a long history, they have reached unprecedented levels in the modern era and seem to be growing every year. A recent forecast shows that spending in this market was expected to increase annually between 2015 and 2020. In the year 2014, it was estimated that some 34 percent of worldwide travelers took a business trip in their own country, while 16 percent traveled internationally during the same period. The total business travel market generated sales worth hundreds of billions worldwide in 2016, with almost 284 billion U.S. dollars spent by travelers from the United States alone. Some of the most common reasons for business men and women to travel include visiting other company locations or customers and suppliers, as well as participating in meetings, congresses and exhibitions related to their industry. Additionally, many companies use incentive trips as a way to motivate employees. As a result, within the business travel market, the abbreviation M.I.C.E. stands for the words meetings, incentive, conferences and exhibition. In the United States, the average per diem offered by companies to their employees traveling for work in 2016 amounted to some 322.96 U.S. dollars. According to travel agents, some of the amenities that business travelers look for when preparing their trips are free in-room Wi-Fi connection, free breakfast, room service and staff that can speak their native language, while one of their biggest concerns is having to experience delayed flights. 
 This statistic shows corporate profits in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The corporate profits are defined as the net income of corporations in the National Income and Product Accounts (NIPA). In 2018, corporations in the U.S.A. made profits of around 2.07 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This line graph shows the number of road traffic fatalities per year in Germany between 2006 and 2018. In 2009, 4,152 individuals were killed in motor vehicle accidents. An overall decrease in the number of road deaths was observed within the time period shown. The highest number of road fatalities in this timeframe occurred in 2006, which is the starting date of this statistic.From 2006 to 2017, the number of road traffic fatalities per year in Germany decreased from 5,091 fatalities to 3,180 fatalities. This is a decrease of approximately 38 percent during this time period. From 2010 to 2011 the number of road fatalities in Germany increased again, growing by almost ten percent, from 3,648 fatalities to 4,009 fatalities. The same occurred in 2018, road fatalities increased by almost three percent in comparison with 2017, from 3,180 to 3,275 road fatalities. 
 The statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in India from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, India's real gross domestic product growth was at about 6.81 percent compared to the previous year. Gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in India Recent years have witnessed a shift of economic power and attention to the strengthening economies of the BRIC countries: Brazil, Russia, India, and China. The growth rate of gross domestic product in the BRIC countries is overwhelmingly larger than in traditionally strong economies, such as the United States and Germany. While the United States can claim the title of the largest economy in the world by almost any measure, China nabs the second-largest share of global GDP, with India racing Japan for third-largest position. Despite the world-wide recession in 2008 and 2009, India still managed to record impressive GDP growth rates, especially when most of the world recorded negative growth in at least one of those years. Part of the reason for India’s success is the economic liberalization that started in 1991and encouraged trade subsequently ending some public monopolies. GDP growth has slowed in recent years, due in part to skyrocketing inflation. India’s workforce is expanding in the industry and services sectors, growing partially because of international outsourcing — a profitable venture for the Indian economy. The agriculture sector in India is still a global power, producing more wheat or tea than anyone in the world except for China. However, with the mechanization of a lot of processes and the rapidly growing population, India’s unemployment rate remains relatively high. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in the United States from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, there were some 243.6 million social network users in the United States, the equivalent of about three quarters of the country's population. Social media usage accounts for 21.4 percent of total mobile minutes in the United States, a trend that is driven by social media apps and mobile messengers. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Spain from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Spain was around 30,733.17 U.S. dollars. Spain's struggling economy The Spanish economy is essential for the global market, as it remains one of the largest economies in the world as well as within Europe. The aftermath of the global financial crisis and the Eurozone crisis resulted in an economic collapse, which has yet to be completely resolved by the Spanish government. While unemployment has always been a general weakness for Spain, the occurrence of recent economic disasters has fueled the struggles in the country’s job market, resulting in a decade high unemployment rate. During the prime of both crises, not only millions of workers were laid off, but government spending also reached a new high, considerably exceeding national revenues earned. This not only resulted in further layoffs in the following years, but also burdened the country with almost double the amount of debt. Prior to the crisis, the public already assumed that the Spanish economy would decline, however the public opinion of the situation became conclusive post 2009. The lack of consumer confidence is only further damaging the Spanish economy, as investors have already pulled much capital from the troubled nation and are hesitant to reinvest their money. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Green Bay Packers games within the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 122.68 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, there were a total of 303 Leon’s Furniture Limited stores across Canada. One hundred and twenty-nine were in the province of Ontario. Alberta ranked in second place with 61 stores and British Columbia in third with 39 stores in that year. Company origins Leon’s Furniture Limited, originally known as the A. Leon Company, was founded in 1909 in Southern Ontario by Ablan Leon. The retailer began by selling products such as pants, blankets, shoes and linens, and later expanded their offering to larger household items and furniture. In 1969, in order to facilitate expansion, the retailer went public and was listed on the Toronto Stock Exchange. A few years later, the company opened the first warehouse showroom, otherwise known as a “big box” store, in all of Canada. Leon’s Furniture Limited today Leon’s Furniture Limited owns four brands: The Brick, Leon’s Furniture, The Brick Outlet and Appliance Canada. In 2018, The Brick was the brand with the most locations - with 202 stores nationwide. Total company revenue has witnessed steady growth in the past years, with revenue reaching around 2.24 billion Canadian dollars in 2018. Retail sales of all furniture stores in Canada amounted to around 11.53 billion Canadian dollars in 2018, showing that Leon’s has a fair share of the total market. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Goodlife Fitness Canada company from 2012 to 2014. In 2014, the health club chain is expected to generate a revenue of 559.61 million U.S. dollars. In 2013, the Canada based company operated 307 clubs. 
How much is minimum wage? The federally mandated minimum wage in the United States is 7.25 U.S. dollars per hour, although the minimum wage varies from state to state. As of January 1, 2020, the District of Columbia had the highest minimum wage in the U.S., at 14 U.S. dollars per hour. This was followed by Washington state, which had 13.5 U.S. dollars per hour as the state minimum wage. Minimum wage workers Minimum wage jobs are traditionally seen as “starter jobs” in the U.S., or first jobs for teenagers and young adults, and the number of people working minimum wage jobs has decreased from almost four million in 1979 to about 434,000 in 2018. However, the number of workers earning less than minimum wage in 2018 was significantly higher, at almost 1.3 million. Minimum wage jobs Minimum wage jobs are primarily found in food preparation and serving occupations, as well as sales jobs (primarily in retail). Because minimum wage has not increased with inflation, and because the federal minimum wage has not been raised since 2009, it is becoming harder and harder for minimum wage workers to afford essential things like rent with one minimum wage job. 
 Dollarama Inc. is a Canadian owned retail chain headquartered in Montreal. There were 1,225 Dollarama stores in Canada as of February 2019. Ontario had the highest number of stores per province, 503, and Prince Edward Island had just five. The dollar store market in Canada Dollar stores are retail outlets that offer a wide variety of relatively low-priced items, usually at a single-price point of one dollar. Dollarama is the leading dollar store in Canada based on number of locations; Dollar Tree trails far behind in second place with 224 stores nationwide as of January 2018. Dollarama is subsequently also the most visited dollar store by consumers, with revenues amounting to approximately 3.27 billion Canadian dollars in 2018. The global discounter market Based on revenue, Walmart is the leading discount store company worldwide. Their revenue towers over their competitors, reaching approximately 500.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Costco Wholesale was ranked in second place with a revenue of around 136 billion U.S. dollars. Western Europe accounted for a large proportion of sales of discount stores worldwide in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees at LG Electronics from 2005 to 2015. In 2011, LG Electronics employed 91,254 people worldwide, of which 35,284 were located in South Korea. 
 The statistic shows the value of the baby food market worldwide in 2018 and 2024. In 2018, the global baby food market was valued at approximately 71.4 billion U.S. dollars. Baby food The global baby food market comprises foods intended for the special nutrition of babies and infants. The largest single categories on the baby food market are baby formula, dried baby food, and prepared baby food. Baby foods are usually divided into different stages so that they are suitable for each phase of the child’s individual development. The American Academy of Pediatrics (AAP) recommends breast milk as the ideal food to meet a baby’s needs in the first stages right after birth. If breastfeeding is not an option, parents have the possibility of using baby formulas. Those are available as powdered and ready-to-drink baby formula. After a couple of months more and more solid foods as type of purees or strained foods are introduced into the baby’s meal plan until the child is ready, usually by the age of one year, for the introduction of family table food. Consumers can decide if they want to make the purees and strained foods at home or if they buy them already prepared at a retail store. The baby food market in the United States is regulated by the Food and Drug Administration. Leading baby food brands include Gerber, Beech-Nut and Plum Organics. Gerber is now a subsidiary of the largest global food company Nestlé S.A. which has headquarters in Vevey, Switzerland. Recent trends show that baby food manufacturers have expanded their product portfolio by launching additional toddler foods which are intended for toddlers from about twelve months to two or three years. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in the Philippines from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in the Philippines was at about 22.5 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic presents the annual revenue of WhatsApp from 2012 to the first half of 2014. In the most recently reported period, the chat app's revenue amounted to 15.29 million U.S. dollars, up from 10.21 million U.S. dollars for the preceding fiscal year. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Fairtrade International products worldwide from 2004 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue generated from Fairtrade International products worldwide amounted to about 9.8 billion euros. When it comes to sustainable development, trade can be the best of servants, but the worst of masters. This is why Fairtrade works within the market, to change the market. Since its beginning, Fairtrade has grown to represent over 1.65 million of these farmers and workers, most recently embracing those who work in the tough conditions of artisanal mining. Producers now co-own the Fairtrade system, shaping global strategy and running operations across three continents. 
 This statistic presents the total assets of the British bank HSBC from 2007 to 2019. In 2019, the total assets of the HSBC bank reached 2.72 trillion U.S. dollars. HSBC - additional information HSBC Holdings plc is a British multinational bank and financial services organization based in London, United Kingdom. The company is a parent of the Hong Kong and Shanghai Banking Corporation Limited, which was founded by Scotsman Sir Thomas Sutherland in 1865. Due to its history, HSBC sees both the Hong Kong and United Kingdom as its home markets and has a dual primary listing on both London and Hong Kong Stock Exchange. The holding company is also counted among the largest banks in the world based on market capitalization, with a total market cap of 169 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. HSBC was listed as one of the most valuable banking brands worldwide, as well as in the United States and the United Kingdom. 
 This statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) of the MENA countries in 2018. The MENA region in North Africa and the Middle East comprises the countries Algeria, Bahrain, Egypt, Iran, Iraq, Israel, Jordan, Kuwait, Lebanon, Libya, Morocco, Oman, Qatar, Saudi Arabia, Syria, Tunisia, United Arab Emirates and Yemen. In 2018, GDP of Algeria amounted to approximately 173.76 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the estimated revenue from regular season ticketing as percentage of total revenue of Major League Baseball (MLB) from 2009 to 2017. In 2017, about 29.84 percent of total league revenue, which amounted to around 9.46 billion U.S. dollars in 2017, was generated through gate receipts. 
 This statistic displays the number of people employed by the John Lewis Partnership plc in the United Kingdom (UK), as of the end of financial years 2009 to 2019. In the year ending January 2019, the partnership had 83,900 employees, including those working as part of the John Lewis department store and Waitrose grocery store operations. There has been an overall decrease in the company's employee count since 2015, with a loss of more than eight thousand employees. The John Lewis Partnership is a British retailer, which operates the John Lewis department stores and Waitrose supermarkets, as well as its own banking and financial services and online retail sites (johnlewis.com, waitrose.com). The company uses an employee-owned business model, where its employees - known as Partners - are influential in running the business and are given a share of the annual profits. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Cleveland Browns from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Cleveland Browns was 67,431. 
 The statistic depicts Mexico's gross domestic product (GDP) per capita from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator for the economic strength of a country. In 2018, Mexico's GDP per capita amounted to approximately 9,796.98 U.S. dollars. For further information, see Mexico's GDP. Economy of Mexico Mexico is the third largest economy in North America and is swiftly becoming a modernized nation with more industrial and service sectors to maintain and promote economic growth nationwide. Mexico is primarily an export-oriented economy and has seen constant growth in regards to the export of goods every year over the past decade, with the exception of 2009. Mexico is also considered to be one of the premier exporters in the world, exporting more goods and services than other export-prominent countries such as Saudi Arabia and India. Like many other industrial countries worldwide, Mexico experienced an economic downturn during the global financial crisis. Several indicators of Mexico’s economic slump would be a spike in unemployment as well as a significant drop in GDP in 2009. Additionally, inflation rates slightly increased over the course of 2 years. However, Mexico’s economy evidently recovered, in particular with its inflation rate, which reached a decade low, as well as its gross domestic product per capita, which attained decade high values, both in 2014. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Romania from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Romania's real gross domestic product increased by around 4.1 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This timeline shows the total milk retail sales in the United States from 2005 to 2018. In 2010, total milk sales amounted to about 54.3 billion pounds. 
 The timeline shows the annual revenue of the Match Group from 2012 to 2019. In the last reported year, the Match Group's dating revenue amounted to 2.05 billion U.S. dollars. Up until early 2020, the Match Group belongs to IAC and includes online dating platforms such as the eponymous Match.com, OkCupid, Tinder, PlentyofFish and others. 
 This statistic illustrates a the number of housing transactions in the United Kingdom (UK) forecasted from 2018 to 2022. According to the figures as of 2018, it can be seen that the number of housing transactions was forecasted to increase from approximately 1.18 million in 2018 to a total of 1.3 million by the year 2022. These figures would lead to an average of 1.21 million transactions per annum between the years 2018 and 2022. This increase in number of housing transactions can be somewhat related to the expected forecasted growth in housing completions in the United Kingdom (UK). It could be speculated that the larger number of housing completions could in turn lead to the higher availability and choice of property units offered for purchase, and as such could lead to lowering of house prices. This consequently could have an effect on the potential increase in the total number of housing transactions conducted on the British market. 
 This statistic shows the total population of South Africa from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of South Africa was at approximately 57.94 million inhabitants. 
 The statistic depicts the average TV ratings of Stanley Cup games in the United States from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average TV rating was at 3 in the United States. 
 The statistic shows the number of deaths in Iraq due to terrorism between year 2006 and 2018. In 2018, around 1,520 people were killed by terrorists in Iraq. Iraq suffered the sixth-highest number people killed by terrorist attacks and the second-most attacks in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Atlanta Falcons from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Atlanta Falcons was 71,601. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Ireland from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Irish population was 36.5 years. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Kansas City Chiefs from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Kansas City Chiefs was 73,465. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Pittsburgh Steelers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 104.60 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the degree of Internet freedom in selected countries worldwide. According to the Freedom House Index, China occupied the last place in internet freedom with 10 index points in 2019. Estonia and Iceland were ranked first and second with 95 and 94 out of 100 index points respectively. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Spain from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Spain was 14.7 percent. Today, Spain has the second-highest unemployment rate of all EU states. 
 This graph shows the reported motor vehicle theft rate in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the nationwide rate was 228.9 cases per 100,000 population. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in France from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, about 80.44 percent of the total population in France lived in cities. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the San Francisco 49ers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the San Francisco 49ers was 70,305. 
 Dolce & Gabbana is a luxury Italian fashion house founded in a small town cose to Milan in 1985 by the two Italian designers Domenico Dolce and Stefano Gabbana. This timeline illustrates the turrnover of the Italian luxury fashion company Dolce & Gabbana between 2011 and 2018. In 2018, the total turnover of Dolce & Gabbana amounted to over 888 million euros, a decrease compared to the previous year. It is worth to be noticed that Dolce & Gabbana S.r.l. is a listed company part of two macro fashion groups. The first is Top15Moda which indicates the 15 major fashion companies with registered office in Italy in term of revenues. Some are worth to be mentioned as Armani, Dolce & Gabbana, Ferragamo, Max Mara, OTB-Diesel, Tod’s Della Valle, Prada and Valentino FG and Zegna. The second one is Aziende Moda Italia (AMI) which includes the 143 most important companies with registered office in Italy (it also includes the Top15Moda). Among these 143 companies, 127 are manufacturing companies while 16 pertain to the retail sale market. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Malaysia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Malaysia's gross domestic product amounted to around 358.58 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of the United States from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The amount of the debt of the United States amounted to around 21.46 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. National debt of the United States National debt in the United States is a topic of much debate and controversy, primarily due to large amounts of unnecessary spending. Despite the fact that the United States had the highest gross domestic product (GDP) in the world in 2016, along with being one of the most developed powerhouses in the world, the country suffers in many economical aspects. When analyzing the country’s imports and exports, the United States has recorded a trade deficit for more than a decade as of 2015, meaning that its imports exceeded its exports every year. However, despite being significantly affected by the world economic crisis in 2008, the country’s trade balance noticeably improved in 2009, almost halving the country’s total trade deficit. An economical aspect that did not improve during the world economic crisis was the country’s unemployment rate. The number of unemployed in the United States increased greatly in 2009 and continued to rise in 2010, however finally stabilized in the following years and has since declined yearly. When considering the total population of the United States, which amounted to roughly 322 million in 2015, a large percentage of citizens, who are capable of work, have been left without a job for roughly 7 years. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in the Netherlands from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in the Netherlands was around 914.52 billion U.S. dollars. Economy of the Netherlands As of 2014, the Netherlands have maintained a relatively stable gross domestic product (GDP), after experiencing a drop off in 2009. GDP per capita also followed a similar trend, reaching a decade high in 2008, before dwindling due to the global economic crisis. GDP per capita is useful when comparing economical situations of different countries and often illustrates each country’s productivity as well as the standard of living. In 2014, the Netherlands sufficient economic performance earned them a spot as one of the top 20 countries with the highest GDP per capita. From an employment standpoint, the Netherlands maintained a low unemployment rate, with its percentage hovering roughly around 5 percent or lower. In 2008, the Netherlands had its lowest unemployment rate over a 10 year span from 2004 to 2014; however like with many other countries around the world, the financial crisis had a negative affect on work opportunities around the country, causing considerable unemployment spikes in the following years. 
 This statistic shows sports merchandising revenue in North America from 2009 to 2023. In 2018, revenues from sports merchandise in North America amounted to 14.57 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows a forecast of the average life of printer hardware install base worldwide from 2008 to 2015. The average life of printer hardware was 5.3 years in 2008. It is projected to be 4.2 years in 2015. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Oakland Raiders from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Oakland Raiders was 52,549 
 This statistic provides information on the internet usage penetration in Nigeria from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 47.1 percent of the Nigerian population were internet users. This share is projected to grow to 84.5 percent in 2023. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in Russia between 1950 and 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Russia's population was 38.6 years. 
 This statistic depicts the revenue of the Unilever Group worldwide from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the global revenue generated by the Unilever Group was approximately 50.98 billion euros.UnileverUnilever operates in nearly 190 countries around the world and has been a traditional paragon of excellence and quality in the Fast Moving Consumer Goods sector. The company derives its competitive advantage from its global footprint and its track record of enhancing value for the consumers around the world. The company has four major product segments: personal care, foods, refreshments and home care; with the former generating the most revenue for the company. In 2014, Unilever employed over 170,000 people.With more than 400 brands focused on health and wellbeing, no company touches so many people’s lives in so many different ways. Unilever's portfolio ranges from nutritionally balanced foods to indulgent ice creams, affordable soaps, luxurious shampoos and everyday household care products which includes world-leading brands such as Lipton, Knorr, Dove, Axe, Hellmann’s and Omo, alongside trusted local names such as Blue Band, Pureit and Suave.Unilever strives to make sustainable living commonplace. They work to create a better future every day, with brands and services that help people feel good, look good, and get more out of life. 
 The statistic presents the total net assets of US-registered mutual funds worldwide from 1998 to 2018. It was found that the total global net assets of mutual funds registered in the United States amounted to approximately 17.71 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. Mutual funds - additional information Mutual funds are investment funds in which the capital is pooled from a number of different investors and then used to buy securities such as stocks, bonds or money market instruments. Although investing in mutual funds, rather than direct investment in individual securities, still presents a certain degree of risk, it has become more and more common practice around the world. One of the biggest advantages of this type of investment is the fact that the fund assets are managed by professionals, who aim to eliminate some of the risk involved in investing in individual stocks and bonds through diversification of assets. As of 2017, there were more than nine thousand mutual funds domiciled in the United States. There are four main types of mutual funds, categorized by the nature of their principal investments, namely: stock or equity funds (whether domestic or international), bond or fixed income funds, money market funds and hybrid funds. In 2017, domestic equity funds were the most popular category in the United States, representing 42 percent of all mutual fund and ETF assets. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Venezuela from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Venezuela was estimated at approximately 9.08 percent. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Ghana from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Ghana was at 13.69 percent. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in California from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in California amounted to 70,489 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the number of unemployed persons worldwide from 2010 to 2017 and projections until 2020. In 2017, there were about 174.1 million unemployed persons worldwide. 
 This statistic provides information on mobile wallet services used by consumers in the United States as of December 2016. During the survey period, it was found that Google Wallet had a 14 percent usage reach. Apple Pay was ranked fifth with a 12 percent usage rate. PayPal was ranked first with 76 percent usage among online consumers. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Egypt from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Egypt was at approximately 11.29 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Sweden from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Sweden had amounted to about 2.04 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the price of potassium chloride from 2014 to 2018, including a forecast until 2030. The price per metric ton was 297 U.S. dollars in 2014, and in the following year the price per metric ton was lowered by 296 U.S. dollars. In 2018, the price of potassium chloride decreased to 216 U.S. dollars per metric ton, with an increase in price up to 240 U.S. dollars per metric ton forecast for 2019. It is expected that by 2030 the price will increase to 320 U.S. dollars per metric ton. 
 This statistic shows the forecast of the median age in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2017 to 2037 and visualises the predicted 'ageing population'. Over the 20 year period, the median age is expected to increase by 1.7 years, the largest increase predicted between 2027 and 2032 at 0.8 years. 
 This statistic shows the leading countries in rye production worldwide for the crop year 2018/2019. According to the report, approximately 650,000 metric tons of rye were produced in Belarus that period. 
 Amazon.com is an international e-commerce company offering online retail, computing services, consumer electronics and digital content, as well as other local services such as daily deals and groceries. As of 2018, Amazon was ranked as the most valuable U.S. brand, with a brand value of around 188 billion U.S. dollars. Apple, Google, and Microsoft were the next most valuable brands in the United States that year. These companies also feature at the top of the rankings for most valuable global brands. What is brand value? Brand value, not to be mistaken with brand equity, is a commonly used phrase in the marketing industry. It describes the value of brands based on the assumption that the owner of a well-known brand name can generate more money compared to products with a less well-known name. Amazon brand value Amazon’s brand value grew steadily from 2006 until 2015, but post 2016, the retail giant’s brand value has experienced remarkable growth. Amazon offers a wide variety of products, including electronics, food, beauty and subscription services. The online retailer is one of the biggest names in desktop retailing as well as mobile commerce. Amazon also operates an online streaming service for movies, television shows, and music, which together with the company’s growing range of products and services across various platforms, is likely to have aided in adding value to the Amazon brand. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Mexico from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, the number of Facebook users in Mexico reached 54.6 million, up from 52.6 million in 2017. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in Italy from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Italy's population was 45.4 years. 
 This statistic shows the total value of all imports in Scotland from 2000 to 2018. The value of imports increased over this period. In 2018, the value of imports to Scotland amounted to approximately 97.2 billion British pounds. As stated in an analysis of Scotland's import partners, the country's largest import trading partner is the European Union (EU). According to the value of net trade in Scotland the country imports more than it exports, a substantial amount of which is imported from trade with the rest of the UK. Click on the following link for further information regarding the value of Scottish imports from the rest of the world. The values of imports in Scotland by Standard International Trade Classification (SITC) sections are also available, Click on the following links for more information with reference to imports of: food and live animals, beverages and tobacco, crude materials, mineral fuels, animal and vegetable oils, chemicals, manufactured goods, machinery and transport. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for San Francisco Giants games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 38.32 U.S. dollars. San Francisco Giants - additional information The American baseball team San Francisco Giants has won the World Series most recently in 2014, in a best-of-seven playoff series against the Kansas City Royals. The team started playing in New York in 1883, under the name The Gothams. They changed their name to the New York Giants shortly afterwards and again to the San Francisco Giants, when they relocated to California in the summer of 1957. Before relocation, the team had already won five of its total of eight MLB (Major League Baseball) World Series championships as the New York Giants. In addition to holding a number of baseball records, such as having the most Hall of Fame players in all of professional baseball, the Giants franchise is also one of the most valuable within the sport. In 2019, Forbes estimated the total value of the San Francisco Giants franchise at three billion U.S. dollars, which places it among the most valuable sports teams in North America. In the 2018 season, the revenue of the San Francisco Giants was estimated at 462 million U.S. dollars. Due to the fact that San Francisco Giants’ ticket prices, as well as game attendance, are higher than the overall MLB averages, gate receipts are responsible for a large percentage of total revenues. Based on an average regular season home attendance of almost 39 thousand spectators per game and an average ticket price of over 38 U.S. dollars, the Giants earned some 176 million U.S. dollars in gate receipts in 2018 alone. That same year, the player expenses of the San Francisco Giants, including payroll, as well as benefits and bonuses, was estimated at some 219 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate for China from 2012 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, China's unemployment rate ranged at about 3.9 percent. Unemployment rate in China – additional information From the statistic at hand one can see that the unemployment rate in China has been fairly constant at around four percent over the last few years. This may be partly explained by the fact that due to its socialist heritage, full employment policy historically has played a major role in economic considerations of the Chinese government. Another possible explanation may be found in the index’s methodology, which, according to the National Bureau of Statistics, gathers only employment data for urban regions. The debate as to whether to adjust the methodology accordingly in order to create a more accurate statistical image is still ongoing among Chinese politicians and statisticians. A main concern in China’s current state of employment lies within the still large regional differences. As of 2016, the unemployment rate in more central and western regions of China was notably higher than in China’s eastern parts. In Beijing, China’s political and cultural center, unemployment ranged at merely 1.4 percent for 2016. Youth unemployment is also apparent in China, but with its own characteristics. Young people with higher education are more likely to have difficulty finding a job, according to the China Household Finance Survey. One reason for this might lie in the enrollment expansion since 1999. The number of newly enrolled students in public universities skyrocketed from around 2.7 million in 2001 to roughly 7.5 million in 2016. Apart from the unemployment rate, most commonly used indicators to measure economic activities of a country are GDP growth and inflation rate. According to an IMF forecast, GDP growth in China will slow down to about 6.3 percent in 2019, depicting a four-percent decrease from 10.61 percent in 2010. This estimate is backed up by quarterly growth data published by the NBS, which recently reported 1.4 percent GDP growth for the first quarter of 2018. 
 The global workforce of accountancy firm PricewaterhouseCoopers (PwC) increased sharply over the last decade, growing from 161,718 employees in 2010 to 276,005 employees in 2019. PwC PwC is one of the largest professional services firms in the world, specializing in auditing and accountancy services. Their operations are divided into three services lines: assurance, which deals primarily with financial audits; advisory, which provides broader management consultancy services; and tax, which provides tax consulting services. Geographically, the largest share of their revenue is generated in the Americas, however they employ slightly more staff in Western Europe. The Big Four The Big Four accounting firms – Deloitte, PwC, EY and KPMG – are the four largest professional services networks in the world. Most publicly listed firms will procure auditing services from one of the Big Four, as do countless private companies. PwC is the second largest of the Big Four in terms of global revenue and the third-largest in terms of global employees. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Argentina from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Argentina's real gross domestic product had decreased by around 2.48 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Mauritius from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Mauritius amounted to about 3.23 percent compared to the previous year. 
 Between 2006 and 2018, road fatalities in Sweden had seen a net decline of 27 percent. The lowest figure of such fatalities was recorded in 2017 at 253. These figures stand in contrast to an increase in the volume of passenger road transport. In 2017, people travelled a combined 126.7 billion kilometers, which was 10 billion kilometers more than in 2006. Casualty figures also in decline Much like road fatalities, the number of road traffic casualties declined over the past decade. A total of roughly 19,700 individuals had reportedly been injured in 2017, with figures 26 percent lower than eleven years prior. This was despite a slight increase in the past three years. Denmark records highest fatality numbers Among Scandinavian countries, Denmark recorded the greatest number of road traffic related fatalities, which amounted to 32 per million inhabitants. By comparison, fatality figures were lowest in Norway at 20 fatal accidents per million inhabitants. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of bottled water in the United States from 1999 to 2018. The per capita consumption of bottled water amounted to 42.3 gallons in 2018. Bottled water is drinking water sold in plastic or glass water bottles. It can be carbonated or still. The bottled water brand Dasani was ranked among the leading bottled still water brands in the United States in 2019. The United States was also one of the largest consumer markets for bottled water, based on per capita consumption. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Toronto Raptors games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 47.00 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2019 he United Kingdom’s economy grew by approximately 1.4 percent, the slowest it had grown since the great recession of the late 2010s, where the economy shrank by 4.2 percent. Prior to the economic crash of 2008, the British economy expanded at a relatively healthy rate, particularly in 2000 when gross-domestic product grew by 3.7 percent. World's Fifth-largest economy With a gross domestic product of approximately 2.11 trillion British pounds, the United Kingdom boasts the fifth-largest economy in the world. Within Europe, Britain’s economy is second only to Germany’s, while France’s economy is only slightly smaller than the United Kingdom’s. Brexit effect Until its trading relationship with the European Union is made clear, it is uncertain how Brexit will affect the economy of the United Kingdom. In the event of a no-deal Brexit for example the Bank of England predicted that GDP could shrink by as much as eight percent and lead to an increase in both the unemployment rate and inflation. 
 This statistic shows the value of gross domestic product (GDP) per capita at current prices in Scotland from 2000 to 2018. From 2000 to 2008 the gross domestic product at current prices increased each year. There was a decrease in 2009 and 2010, this was almost certainly due to the effect of the global financial crisis on the market value of all final goods and services produced in Scotland in that year, yet from 2010 Scottish GDP almost fully recovered, growth of GDP per head increased annually thereafter. A very similar trend can be seen in the development of annual GDP at market prices and annual GDP excluding North Sea revenue. Quarterly GDP at current market prices is also available as well as quarterly GDP per capita. 
 This statistic represents Audi's operating profit from the fiscal year of 2002 through the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, Audi's operating profit amounted to around 3.53 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Ontario from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Ontario's GDP was 730.27 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Lakers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 85.38 U.S. dollars. The Lakers have one of highest average ticket prices in the NBA. Los Angeles Lakers - additional information The Los Angeles Lakers are one of the most successful basketball teams of all times, having won 16 NBA (National Basketball Association) championships, most recently in 2010. The team was established in 1947 in Minneapolis, Minnesota under the name Minneapolis Lakers and was initially a part of the National Basketball League (NBL). They joined the rival NBA in 1949, as part of the Pacific Division of the league's Western Conference and moved to Los Angeles before the 1960/1961 season. In addition to being one of the most successful basketball teams on the court, the Lakers franchise is also one of the most valuable within the sport, according to Forbes. As of 2015, the franchise’s total value was estimated at 2.6 billion U.S. dollars, an increase in value of 95 percent compared to the previous year. The revenue of the Los Angeles Lakers was at 293 million U.S. dollars in the 2013/14 season, while the team’s operating income was an estimated 104 million U.S. dollars, showing an increase of approximately 40 percent from the previous year. The team has had on its roster some of the best basketball players in the world, such as Jerry West, Earvin ‘Magic’ Johnson, Wilt Chamberlain, Kareem Abdul-Jabbar, Shaquille O’Neal and Kobe Bryant. In the 2013/2014 season, the player expenses of the Los Angeles Lakers were at 81 million U.S. dollars. The Lakers are very beloved by fans from all over the world. As of March 2015, the basketball team had more than 22 million Facebook fans and more than 4 million Twitter followers. Furthermore, during 2014/2015, the regular season home attendance of the franchise was 778,415, an average of 18,985 per game, more than the average NBA per game attendance. Lakers ticket prices for home games in 2014/15 have reached an estimated 102.25 U.S. dollars, twice the overall league-wide average ticket price. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Japan from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, approximately 22.6 million people were using Facebook in Japan. In 2023, this figure is projected to reach about 26.9 million Facebook users. 
 This statistic shows the annual revenue of the Chinese search engine Baidu from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, Baidu's reported revenue amounted to 14.88 billion U.S. dollars. The majority of revenues were generated through online marketing services. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Ethiopia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Ethiopia was at approximately 1.79 percent. 
 This statistic shows the employment in Japan from 2010 to 2017, with projections up until 2020. In 2017, the employment in Japan was around 65.31 million people. 
 This statistic represents passenger traffic at London Heathrow Airport from 2002 through 2018. In 2018, London Heathrow Airport handled approximately 88.1 million passengers, up from 63 million in 2002. Passenger traffic at London Heathrow Airport As well as being the most populous city in the European Union, London is also one of Europe’s major commercial hubs and has the largest city airspace in the world. There are eight airports serving the London area, including Gatwick (IATA: LGW), Stansted (IATA: STN) and Heathrow (IATA: LHR). London Heathrow Airport is the largest airport in the United Kingdom and the third busiest in the world, handling well over 65 million passengers annually. To put this figure into perspective, the airport handled more passengers in 2011 than the airports in Orlando and Philadelphia combined. In 2011, around 77.4 million passengers boarded or left the planes at Beijing Capital International Airport (IATA: PEK) in China, while the world’s busiest airport in Atlanta (IATA: ATL) handled some 92.4 million passengers in the same year. After the reopening of Terminal 2 (the Queen's Terminal) on June 4, 2014, Heathrow is back to operating five terminals. Terminal 5, which was inaugurated by Queen Elizabeth II in 2008, resulted in construction costs of some 5.6 billion euros (or about 4.7 billion British pounds), making it one of the most expensive airport restructuring projects worldwide. The airport is owned and operated by Heathrow Airport Holdings, which itself is owned by Spanish construction contractor Ferrovial (one of the largest European construction companies). In 2018, Heathrow Airport Holdings generated total revenue of around 2.97 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the consumer price index in the U.S. from 2010 to 2018 with additional projections up to 2024. The base period was 1982-84. In 2019, the annual Consumer Price Index is projected to be at about 256.12. The U.S. inflation rate for 2018 was projected to be 2.44 percent. United States Consumer Price Index Forecast According to data published by the International Monetary Fund, the US Consumer Price Index (CPI) was 224.92 in 2011, compared to the base period of 1982 to 1984. It is projected that the CPI will continue to rise year over year, reaching 287.51 in 2024. The Consumer Price Index of all urban consumers in previous years was lower, and has risen every year since 1992, except in 2009, when the CPI went from 215.30 in 2008 to 214.54 in 2009. The monthly unadjusted Consumer Price Index was 255.55 for the month of April in 2019. The US CPI measures change in the price of consumer goods and services purchased by households and a key value in calculating US inflation and the health of the economy. The US Department of Labor’s Bureau of Labor Statistics calculates the CPI and defines it as, "a measure of the average change over time in the prices paid by urban consumers for a market basket of consumer goods and services." The BLS records the price of thousands of goods and services month by month. They consider goods and services within eight main categories: food and beverage, housing, apparel, transportation, medical care, recreation, education, and other goods and services. They aggregate the data collected in order to compare how much it would cost a consumer to buy the same market basket of goods and services one month or year against how much it cost in a previous month or year. Given that the CPI is used to calculate US inflation, the CPI influences the annual adjustments of many financial institutions in the United States, both private and public. Wages, social security payments, and pensions are all affected by the CPI. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in Saudi Arabia from 2015 to 2023. In 2018, Saudi Arabia had 28.5 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 35 million internet users in 2023. 
 The statistic depicts the Netherlands' real gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, the real GDP in the Netherlands grew by about 2.6 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in the Philippines from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 46.91 percent of the Philippines' total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Indonesia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Indonesia's gross domestic product amounted to around 1,022.45 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the list of countries with the highest number of deaths caused by terrorist activities in 2018. The highest number of deaths from terrorism in 2018 occurred in Afghanistan, accounting for 46 percent of all deaths. In that year alone, terrorist incidents worldwide resulted in approximately 15,952 fatalities. Additional information on the targets of terrorism Although terrorism is a worldwide problem, its victims are highly concentrated in certain areas of the world. The most prominent area to have fallen victim to terrorist attacks in recent times has been the region encompassing the Middle East and North Africa. Following military invasions in both Afghanistan and Iraq respectively, the instability brought about by conflict allowed an opportunity for a number of terrorist groups to gain a strong foothold in the region. But groups committing terrorist acts are not solely concentrated in the Middle East as shown by 13 percent of terrorism related deaths worldwide in 2018 occurring in Nigeria. The rise of Boko Haram alongside Islamic State also heavily contributed to the number of terrorist attacks worldwide increasing considerably in 2014. Terror attacks such as the bombing of the World Trade Centre in New York on September 11, 2011 gain the most attention in global media and generally result in increased counter terrorism efforts at home and abroad. However, the vast majority of attacks occur in the countries where the major terrorist organizations such as Al Qaeda and Islamic State are based. The lack of security and order present in places like Iraq and Afghanistan affords more opportunities to terrorist groups to commit more obvious acts of terrorism including armed assaults, the second most common form of terrorist attack. 
 This timeline depicts the number of dollar stores in the United States in 2017 and 2018. In 2018, there were a total of 31,620 dollar stores throughout the United States. 
 This timeline shows the total population of Afghanistan from 2014 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Afghanistan's total population amounted to an estimated 35.53 million inhabitants. Population of Afghanistan Afghanistan is a country constantly plagued by war and terrorism. A direct result of war in Afghanistan is a low life expectancy. Even though the life expectancy at birth from 2001 to 2012 has increased, the number still remains relatively low in comparison to other countries in the world. Another direct cause for this low life expectancy is probably terrorism. The number of deaths in Afghanistan due to terrorism between has increased dramatically until 2013. Additionally, insurgents were to blame for the majority of the civilian deaths in Afghanistan in 2010. War, the increase in civilian deaths in Afghanistan as well as a drop in the fertility rate in Afghanistan from 2001 to 2012 have resulted in a steep drop in population growth when compared to the previous year. However, despite of the slower population growth in recent years, the total population in Afghanistan in the past decade has increased by about 9 million inhabitants. 
 This graph shows the revenue Live Nation Entertainment generated with its concert business from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue amounted to 8.77 billion US dollars. Live Nation Entertainment's concert revenue Live Nation Entertainment draws revenue from the following segments of its activities: sponsorship and advertising, ‘Artist Nation’ (artist management services), ticketing and concerts. The concert business involves operating music venues and promoting the live music events taking place. In 2012, after two years of relatively weak results, Live Nation Entertainment managed to top its 2009 concert revenues, which amounted to 3.7 million US dollars. Growth in 2011 amounted to more than 10 percent and was the highest among all segments Live Nation operates. What is more, concert revenue made two thirds of Live Nation’s total revenue for 2012, firmly confirming the segment’s place as the most important revenue source for LNE. Live Nation Entertainment organized over 25 thousand concerts around the world in 2015. Live music is a popular and profitable form of entertainment. In 2016, the tour which brought in the highest revenue globally was the tour of Bruce Springsteen & The E Street Band, which generated over 268 million U.S. dollars. In North America, Beyonce ranked first, generating 169.4 million with her tour in the same time period. 
 This statistic shows the number of tourist arrivals in Belgium from 2006 to 2018. Tourist arrivals in short-stay accommodation in Belgium have generally increased over this period, from around 12 million in 2006 to approximately 17.6 million by 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average size of households in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, the average size of households in Alabama was 2.57 people. 
 This statistic shows the total amount of student loans that was offered by different sources to students in the United States from 1998/99 to 2018/19. In the academic year 1998/99, a total of 52.7 billion 2018 U.S. dollars was offered to students across the United States in the form of loans. By 2018/19, this amount had increased to 106.2 billion 2018 U.S. dollars. 
 2018 saw the largest expenditures on Medicaid in U.S. history. At that time about 629.3 billion U.S. dollars were expended on the Medicaid public health insurance program that aims to provide affordable health care options to low income residents and people with disabilities. Medicaid was signed into law in 1965. By 1966 just under 1 billion U.S. dollars were spent on the program. Groups covered by Medicaid There are several components of the Medicaid health insurance program. The Children’s Health Insurance Program (CHIP) was started in 1997 to provide health coverage to families and children that could not afford care. As of 2016, children represented the largest distribution of Medicaid enrollees. Despite having the largest proportion of enrollees, those that were enrolled in Medicaid as children had the lowest spending per enrollee. As of 2016, disabled Medicaid enrollees had the highest spending per enrollee. Medicaid expenditures Currently, Medicaid accounts for 17 percent of all health care expenditure in the United States. Expenditures on Medicaid programs vary among the U.S. states and depend heavily on whether Medicaid expansion was accepted after the Affordable Care Act was enacted. California and New York are the top states with the highest Medicaid expenditures. It is projected that Medicaid expenditure will continue to increase at both the state and federal levels. 
 The statistic shows the men's college basketball teams with the most NCAA Division I championships from 1939 to 2019. UCLA has won the championship a record eleven times. NCAA college basketball championship - additional information NCAA Men’s Division I Basketball tournament, also known as “March Madness”, is the most important competition for collegiate basketball, which is the second most followed college sport in the U.S. In a single-elimination format, 68 college basketball teams fill out the bracket and play for the championship title. There are several rounds of the tournament; first round, also known as “Round of 64”, the second round or the “Round of 32”, regional semi-finals, called "Sweet Sixteen", the regional finals, commonly known as the "Elite Eight", national Semi-finals, referred to as the "Final Four" and lastly, the championship game. In 2016, the NCAA March Madness average TV viewership consistently increased as the tournament unfolded. Round of 64, for example, had an average audience of 2 million viewers per game, while Final Four games’ average viewership was at almost 11 million viewers per game. The North Carolina Tar Heels have the most Final Four appearances with 20. The Tar Heels hold six championship titles putting them in the top three teams who have the championship the most. UCLA leads the rank in regards to championships as the Bruins have won a record 11 championships. The Kentucky Wildcats have the second most championships, a total of 8 titles. Both UCLA and Kentucky have made it to Final Four 17 times. Even though the Michigan Wolverines men's basketball team has only won two men's NCAA college basketball championships and appeared in a total of nine Final Four rounds, they have played in four of the top 10 highest-rated televised NCAA basketball national championship games. The highest-rated game ever was the national championship game matchup between the Wolverines and Indiana State Hoosiers in 1979, with a rating of 24.1. 
 The city of Miami has hosted the most Super Bowls in the history of the NFL. The Florida city has hosted the showpiece event on eleven occasions, most recently when it welcomed fans from around the world at the Super Bowl in 2020. The history of the Super Bowl The first four editions of the Super Bowl, contested from 1967 to 1970, were played between the champions of the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League (NFL). The rival leagues merged ahead of the 1970 season, making Super Bowl V in 1971 the first championship game in the modern era of the NFL – Super Bowl LIV in 2020 will be the 50th as a united league. The Super Bowl trophy was renamed the Vince Lombardi Trophy ahead of Super Bowl V in honor of the former Green Bay Packers coach who passed away at the start of that season – Lombardi led the Packers to two of their four Super Bowl wins. A century of NFL football The NFL celebrated a landmark occasion during the 2019 season: it is the 100th season of the league. The inaugural season of the American Professional Football Association – later renamed the NFL – took place in 1920, and two of the founding teams remain to this day: the Chicago Cardinals (now known as the Arizona Cardinals) and the Decatur Staleys (now Chicago Bears). It would be fitting if the oldest rivalry in the NFL contested the Super Bowl in 2020, adding to their combined three Super Bowl appearances. 
 This statistic represents General Electric's research and development costs from the fiscal year of 2010 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the company incurred around 4.9 billion U.S. dollars in research and development costs. 
 The Gross domestic product of the United Kingdom in 2019 was 2.21 trillion British pounds, an increase when compared with the previous year. From 2000 to 2008 the UK’s GDP increased each year, except for 2009, when the British economy shrunk. By 2010 GDP had recovered and resumed its steady growth. Could there be a recession in 2019? Although the UK's economy has shown a net increase during this time period, the growth rate has slowed in recent years. In 2014 the UK's economy showed a year-on-year increase of 3.1 percent, but by 2018 this had decreased to 1.4 percent. In the second quarter of 2019, the UK economy shrank by 0.2 percent, with a technical recession confirmed if the economy shrinks in the third quarter of the year. Comparisons with Europe The UK currently has the second-largest economy in Europe, after Germany whose GDP amounted to around 3.386 trillion Euros in 2018. France has a similar-sized economy to the UK, at approximately 2.34 trillion Euros and was the third-largest European economy in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Toronto Raptors franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 2.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents domestic passenger car production in the United States from 1999 to 2018. In 2018, around 2.8 million passenger cars were produced in the United States, a decrease of almost 250,000 units from 2017. In this graph, passenger car figures include station wagons. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Canada from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Canada was at about 4.3 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Nepal from 1984 to 2019, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2019, the GDP in Nepal was at around 29.81 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistics depicts the number of registered ice hockey players in the United States from 2010/11 to 2018/19. In the 2018/19 season, there were a total of 567,908 registered ice hockey players in the United States according to the International Ice Hockey Federation. 
 Plastic surgery is a growing industry globally. Many countries are known for their expertise in plastic surgery; however, some have greater numbers of surgeons than others. As of 2018, the U.S. had the largest number of plastic surgeons globally with 7,009 surgeons. Brazil had the second largest number of plastic surgeons with 6,393. Australia had the fewest among the major countries with just 535 plastic surgeons. Cosmetic procedures globally There are both surgical and non-surgical cosmetic procedures. The U.S. and Brazil also have the highest number of surgical and nonsurgical cosmetic procedures among the top countries globally. Globally the top nonsurgical cosmetic procedures include botulinum toxin and hyaluronic acid. As for the top surgical cosmetic procedures, breast augmentation and liposuction were the most performed procedure in 2018. Costs of cosmetic procedures in the U.S. Surgical procedures also have varying price points. There are several factors that can contribute to the cost of various surgical procedures including surgeon’s fee, facility fees and anesthesiologist fees. In the U.S. the most expensive surgical procedures include lower body lifts, facelifts and tummy tucks. Among nonsurgical cosmetic procedures ablative laser skin resurfacing, nonsurgical fat reduction and ablative fractional resurfacing are the most expensive. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in current prices in Australia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Australia amounted to approximately 56,420.2 U.S. dollars. The same year, the Australian inflation rate, another important indicator for its economic situation, amounted to 2.49 percent. For comparison, global GDP was estimated at almost more than 77 trillion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 The statistic depicts the rate of urbanization in Mexico from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is measured as the proportion of urban population in the total population. In 2018, around 80.16 percent of the Mexican population lived in urban areas. 
 Cats are a popular choice in Europe when it comes to pet ownership, although we don’t see them outside as often as their canine friends. As shown in this statistic, Germany and France are the two countries leading the list of cat owners in the EU, with the former’s narrow win. While Germany also ranks as the top EU country with the highest number of pet dogs, cats still win in European households. EU loves cats Compared with the cat population in Germany, France and the United Kingdom, countries such as Latvia, Ireland and Estonia had a low number of household felines. Yet across Europe in general, the number of cats has gone up significantly since 2010. In 2017, the EU alone was home to a large population of cats, making them the most preferred pets. Cat food in pet care industry The population of household cats in the European Union also corresponds to the volume of the pet care industry in this region. Between 2010 and 2017, pet food industry achieved steady growth. In 2016, it was the cat food and accessories sales value that had the largest share in the pet care market. 
 This statistic shows the research and development (R&D) expenditure of Monsanto from 2008 to 2017. In 2017, the company invested approximately 1.61 billion U.S. dollars in research and development. Monsanto was an agricultural company specialized on genetically engineered seeds. The company was headquartered in St Louis, Missouri. In September 2016, Bayer finalized a deal to take Monsanto over, which was completed on June 7, 2018. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Kenya from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Kenya's real gross domestic product grew by around 6.32 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Dallas Cowboys from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Dallas Cowboys was 90,929. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Nigeria from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Nigerian population was 17.9 years. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Myanmar's gross domestic product amounted to around 68.67 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Boston Celtics games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 57.04 U.S. dollars. Boston Celtics The Boston Celtics are a professional basketball team of the National Basketball Association (NBA) playing in the Eastern Conference of the league. The franchise was founded in 1946 and has been located in Boston ever since. Today, the Celtics play their home games at the TD Garden, which has a capacity of about 18,600 for basketball games. Celtics’ teams have won a total of 17 championships making it the most successful franchise in NBA history in terms of championships. Forbes ascribes the team a franchise value of 875 million U.S. dollars in 2014, an increase of about 20 percent over the previous year. Overall the Boston Celtics are the franchise with the fourth-highest value in the league behind the New York Knicks, the Los Angeles Lakers and the Chicago Bulls. On average, the franchises of the NBA had a value of 634 million U.S. dollars in 2014. In the 2012/13 season, the revenue of the Boston Celtics was at 169 million U.S. dollars. Boston Celtics games had an average per game attendance of 18,107 in the 2013/14 season. Total attendance was at about 742 thousand. The average ticket price for Boston Celtics games was at 70.79 U.S. dollars in 2014/15 according to Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index. The overall league-wide average ticket price was at about 54 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the yield of wheat per harvested acre in the United States from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, the U.S. wheat yield per harvested acre amounted to about 51.7 bushels in 2019 
 This statistic represents the projected number of companies in the U.S. medical device industry from 2010 to 2014. In the United States, there were approximately 904 companies in this industry in 2010. Medical electrical device industry Notwithstanding the fact that the effects of ObamaCare on the medical device industry in the United States are yet to be determined, the US remains an attractive market with high potential for growth in the medical electrical device industry. In light of citizens’ increased access to health insurance, this industry is projected to grow at an annual rate of 6.6 percent from 2012 through 2017. Although the use of medical devices for therapeutic and diagnostic purposes is manifold, the highest grossing categories - including spinal devices, cardiovascular devices, neuromodulation devices and diabetes devices - are likely to remain fixed. The global medical device market was sized at around 250 billion US dollars in 2012, when the sports medicine devices segment contributed about six billion US dollars. Johnson & Johnson, General Electric, and Medtronic are ranked among the leading US-based companies in the field of medical electrical devices. In the fiscal year of 2013, Minnesota-headquartered Medtronic incurred a staggering 1.6 billion US dollars in research and development costs. In the same year, the medical technology company raked in revenues of just under 16.6 billion US dollars. By 2018, Medtronic’s revenue is projected to grow to around 20 billion US dollars. The company’s market share reached around five percent in 2013. 
 Yellowstone National Park in the United States – the country’s oldest national park - attracted a total of approximately 4.02 million visitors in 2019, down from the previous year's total of 4.12 million. The park received over three million visitors annually since 2008 and reached its visitation peak in 2016 with 4.26 million visitors. U.S. National Park Service Established in 1872 and located predominantly in Wyoming, Yellowstone remains one of the country’s most popular national parks, ranking sixth in terms of visitor numbers in 2018. However, with over 11 million recreational park visits in 2018, the Great Smoky Mountains National Park, straddling the border between North Carolina and Tennessee, was by far the most visited national park in the United States. All national parks in the U.S. are managed, protected and presented by the National Park Service, an agency of the U.S. federal government. There were approximately 86 million visitors to national parks in the U.S. in 2018. National parks and the hospitality industry Visitors to national parks are a valuable source of income to the United States economy. In 2018, national park visitors spent nearly seven billion U.S. dollars on lodging and over four billion on restaurants and bars. 
 The statistic shows the brand value of the sports company Under Armour from 2012 to 2019. Under Armour had a brand value of 3.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 This statistic illustrates the results of a survey about the most active social media platforms in Germany in the third quarter of 2019. The most used social media platform in Germany was WhatsApp at 79 percent, closely followed by YouTube at 77 percent. On the opposite side, WeChat is used by four percent of respondents. 
 In the U.S. many employers pay a portion of health care costs for employees. As of 2015 the total annual medical costs for employees was 11.7 thousand U.S. dollars. That cost is expected to increase to 13.2 thousand U.S. dollars by 2019. There have been recent changes to employer-offered health care through the Affordable Care Act that requires employers with over 50 employees to offer affordable health care options to their employees. U.S. health benefits at work In the United States, both employers and employees may pay health care costs, depending on the work. In a recent survey U.S. residents were asked what benefits they expected from their employers, a vast majority of them said that they expect health care benefits. Despite the demand from employer-sponsored healthcare coverage, not all companies feel that they would be able to offer health coverage as an employment benefit. Another recent survey has illustrated that employer confidence in offering health insurance can change dramatically from year-to-year. U.S. sick leave benefits Another aspect of workplace health and wellness, is annual sick leave. In general, a majority of U.S. workers have access to a fixed number of paid sick days per year. However, a very small proportion of employees had access to paid sick leave as needed. As of 2017, around half of all employees utilized up to 5 days of sick leave per year. Despite that, there was still a large proportion, especially among those aged 18-30 years that went to work even though they were ill. 
 This statistic shows total domestic consumption expenditure in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2005 to 2018. Over this period, consumer spending in the UK increased, reaching approximately over 1.34 trillion British pounds in 2018. Household consumption expenditure looks at the overall spending on consumer goods and services of a wide variety. Some examples are government licenses and permits, such as a passport renewal or the price of train tickets to get to work. Housing may also be accounted for in these figures. This figure is measured by how much the consumer actually pays at the point of sale. All fast moving consumer goods such a beer, or cigarettes are also accounted for in this data. One part of the United Kingdom, Scotland, has seen as increase in its overall household expenditure year over year since 2009, with figures reaching almost 96 billion British pounds in 2016. There was a small decrease in expenditure in 2009, which was possibly a result of the economic recession which hit all of the United Kingdom hard at this time. This drop can also be seen when looking at the whole of the United Kingdom in this statistic. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Lebanon from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Lebanon amounted to about 6.07 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in wakeboarding in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, there were approximately 2.8 million participants in wakeboarding. Water sports Water sports such as wakeboarding, surfing, snorkeling, scuba diving, canoeing, kayaking and rafting draw millions of participants in the United States each year. Boating for recreational purposes is also very popular. At least 50 million people participate in recreational boating every year in some way in the United States, using a boat for activities such as water skiing, fishing and/or travel. Wakeboarding, for example, drew 2.8 million participants in 2016. 820 thousand of these participants were youths (aged 6 to 17 years) and about 572 thousand were young adults (aged 18 to 24 years). In 2018, there were 11.85 million registered recreational boating vessels in the U.S. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Kuwait from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Kuwait amounted to about 0.58 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The graph shows the average age of bachelor's degree graduates in Canada from 2000 to 2010. In 2010, the average age of students at the time of bachelor's degree graduation in Canada was 26 years. 
 This timeline shows the domestic consumption of orange juice in the United States from 2008/09 to 2018/19 and provides a forecast for 2019/20. U.S. domestic orange juice consumption was estimated to reach approximately 530,000 metric tons at 65 degrees brix in 2019/20. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of the FC Barcelona from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. According to Deloitte, in the 2018/19 season the revenue of the Spanish football club grew by 22 percent, to 840.8 million euros, with record matchday and commercial revenue for a football club. FC Barcelona - additional information FC Barcelona’s brand and team value increased significantly in 2014, thanks in part to the high-profile signing of Luis Suarez from Liverpool FC in July 2014. His acquisition for between 81 and 94 million euros broke Barcelona’s transfer record from 2009, when they bought Zlatan Ibrahimovic from Inter Milan for an estimated 69 million euros. However, Barcelona will be unable to utilize the 2015 winter and summer transfer windows as FIFA banned the club from buying players following the violation of its rules about the transfer of footballers aged under 18. FC Barcelona has been able to embark on a successful strategy of cutting costs and securing premium partners such as Audi and Estrella Damm, in addition to kit and shirt sponsorship from Nike and Qatar Airways. These elements resulted in FC Barcelona producing total revenue of over 484 million euros in the 2013-2014 season. For the 2014/15 season Barcelona also announced a global commercial partnership with Beko, which saw the company’s corporate logo placed on the sleeve of the team’s kits. The Camp Nou, Europe's largest football stadium, has a capacity of 98,787, with average attendance figures consistently over 70,000 in recent seasons. In the 2014/15 season, Barcelona’s average attendance was over 73,000, beaten only by Real Madrid’s average attendance of over 76,000. Despite all of these impressive feats, Barcelona continues to lag behind Real Madrid commercially and is the only one of out of world football's 'Big Four' (FC Bayern Munich, Manchester United, Real Madrid, FC Barcelona) to have never been named football's most valuable brand. As of 2014, FC Bayern Munich was the most valuable football brand in the world, with an estimated worth of 896 million dollars. 
 This statistic provides information on internet user penetration in Brazil from 2017 to 2023. In 2016, 55.65 percent of the Brazilian population were accessing the internet. These figures are projected to grow to 78 percent in 2023. Brazil is one of the biggest online markets worldwide. 
 The statistic shows the share of furniture and home furnishings sales in total U.S. e-retail sales from 2017 to 2022. Furniture and home furnishings sales are expected to account for 14.4 percent of total retail e-commerce sales in the United States in 2023. Online furniture sales Online furniture sales represent one of the strongest e-commerce sales categories in the United States. In 2016, the e-commerce value of U.S. furniture and furnishings manufacturing shipments amounted to more than 40.7 billion U.S. dollars. Overall, the e-commerce share of U.S. merchant wholesale trade sales of furniture and home furnishings amounted to 20.9 percent. The growing online presence of traditional brick-and-mortal retail chains such as Target, the global expansion of multi-channel lifestyle brands e.g. Anthropologie as well as the U.S. subsidiaries of international retailers like Otto Group-owned Crate and Barrel are all factors in the trajectory of online furniture sales. Global competitors such as IKEA complete the picture. The increasing prevalence of online shopping as well as online flash sales, special offers, extensive product selection and home delivery are important influences that determine the demand and popularity of online furniture sales. Social media sites like Pinterest or lifestyle blogs also offer more exposure to interior design topics, prompting consumers to take a keen interest in DIY or redecorating. The strong online presences of contemporary tastemakers and trendsetters also impact and influence retail e-commerce sales. Current U.S. –based examples include Emily Henderson, who recently established collaboration with Target, as well as Joy Cho who has licensed product lines with various retailers. 
 The graph shows the Hispanic population in the United States in 2016 and offers a forecast until 2060. According to this projection, there will be over 111.22 million people of Hispanic descent in the United States in 2060. 
 This statistic shows the per capita real Gross Domestic Product of New York from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the per capita real GDP of New York stood at 73,463 chained 2012 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic presents a forecast about the development of the world population from 2015 to 2100. The world population in 2100 is estimated to be about 10.87 billion people. This would be an increase from 7.71 billion people in 2019. 
 Alaska saw the highest rape rate in the United States in 2018, with 161.6 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants. The lowest rate was found in New Jersey, with 16 rapes per 100,000 inhabitants. Sexual assault in Alaska Fighting sexual assault in Alaska is particularly difficult due to small, isolated, close-knit communities who can be wary of airing their dirty laundry to outsiders, as well as a low number of law enforcement employees in the state. In addition, Alaska’s low population is spread out over a large land area, meaning that in the event of an assault being reported to police, it can take law enforcement hours, or even days, to reach the most isolated communities. The victims of sexual assault There tends to be more reported female victims of sexual assault than male victims. However, since sexual assault is typically an underreported crime, especially among males, these figures could be, and probably are, much higher. In addition, many victims of sexual offenses tend to be young, although sexual assault can occur at any age. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Poland from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Poland amounted to around 15,425.68 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the office vacancy rate in London (UK) from 2006 to 2013 and a forecast thereof until 2019. Office vacancy rates are numerical calculations of all office space that is available to rent in any given market. The calculation is presented as percentage and it is the opposite to office occupancy rates. The office vacancy rate in London amounted to seven percent in 2013 (decrease from 10.2 percent in 2010) and it was projected to decrease further to 4.4 percent by 2019. Office vacancy rates are understood as one of the indicators, foretelling the future good or poor economic performance of the commercial sector in London. The lower the office vacancy rate, the better conditions for business, as companies have confidence in expanding and upgrading, and the market witnesses numerous new entries into the business. It is also interesting to juxtapose the projections for the leading European cities, such as for example the vacant office space in Frankfurt or office vacancies on the market in Paris, in view of the theory of global centers of business being interconnected and more similar to one another, than to the region they are located in. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Seattle Seahawks games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 111.79 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the total revenue of the European professional soccer market from 2006/07 to 2017/18. In the 2017/18 season, the total revenue of the European professional soccer market was estimated at 28.4 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the maple syrup production in Canada from 2008 to 2019. Approximately 13.2 million gallons of maple syrup was produced in Canada in 2019, up from 9.8 million gallons the previous year. Maple syrup in Canada - additional information Maple syrup is most commonly associated with Canada, the product’s largest producer. The national flag of Canada also features a large red maple leaf. It is believed that the production of maple syrup dates back to the indigenous people of North America who discovered a way of processing maple tree sap into syrup and sugar. Maple sap is usually gathered in springtime when the weather conditions make it easy to collect the sap by boring holes into the trunk of the maple tree. The sap is then boiled down into maple syrup. Maple syrup is commonly used as a sweetener, a topping for pancakes and waffles or as an ingredient in baking. The volume of maple syrup produced in Canada fluctuates each year, but, on the whole, has almost doubled from just over five million gallons in 2008 to nearly ten million gallons in 2014. The vast majority of Canada’s maple syrup is produced in the eastern province of Quebec. As the leading maple syrup producer in Canada, Quebec has by far the largest number of maple farms and, as a result, the most maple taps. Exporting maple products is economically and culturally important for Canada and the value of maple product exports has risen steadily in recent years. In 2013, exports of maple products amounted to more than 278 million Canadian dollars. The largest share of Canada’s maple product exports are destined for the United States. Other leading destinations include Japan, Germany and the United Kingdom. 
 The unemployment rate of the United Kingdom in 2019 was 3.8 percent, the lowest it has been since the mid-1970s. From 2000 until the 2008 financial crash the unemployment rate in the UK fluctuated between 4.8 and 5.7 percent, before it rose suddenly in 2009 to 7.6 percent. After peaking at 8.1 percent in 2011, the unemployment rate gradually declined before returning to the levels seen in the early 2000s by 2015. Unemployment remains low in 2019 In the first quarter of 2019 the unemployment rate in the United Kingdom fell even further, to 3.8 percent, before increasing slightly in the second quarter to 3.9 percent. This amounted to approximately 1.3 million people unemployed people, which was around 700 thousand fewer than it was just five years earlier. Demographics of the unemployed Between 2000 and 2018, women have consistently had a lower unemployment rate than that of men. During the financial crisis at the end of the last decade for example, the unemployment rate for women peaked at 7.5 percent, whereas for men the rate was 8.6 percent. Young people are also far more vulnerable to unemployment, with the rate for those aged between 16-24 far higher than it is for older age groups. 
 This statistic shows the number of single-person households in the United States from 1960 to 2019. In 2019, approximately 36.48 million people were living in single-person households in the United States. 
 This statistic shows Royal Dutch Shell's spending on research and development from 2010 to 2018. In 2010, the company spent some 1.02 billion U.S. dollars on R&D. Royal Dutch Shell is one of the leading oil and gas companies worldwide, operating in every segment of the oil and gas industry. The company is headquartered in the Hague, Netherlands. In 2018, R&D spending was 986 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the average inflation rate in China from 2007 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in China was around 2.1 percent compared to the previous year. Inflation rate in China – additional information The Consumer Price Index for China is calculated using a product basket that contains a predefined range of products and services on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. Included are expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. The inflation rate is then calculated using changes in the CPI. As the inflation of a country is seen as a key economic indicator, it is frequently used for international comparison. Among the main industrialized and emerging economies worldwide, China had displayed the lowest inflation of emerging countries in 2013. Nevertheless, it still ranged marginally above the inflation rates of established industrialized powerhouses such as the United States or the European Union. According to IMF estimates for 2019, Venezuela is expected to be the country with the highest inflation rate, with a consumer price increase of about 200 thousand percent compared to 2018. Eritrea is estimated to have the lowest price increase worldwide with prices actually decreasing by about 27.6 percent. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Kenya from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Kenya was at 18.34 percent. 
 This graph depicts the total regular season home attendance of the San Francisco 49ers franchise of the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the regular season home attendance of the franchise was 562,443. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Kansas City Royals games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 32.84 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the number of documented civilian deaths in the Iraq war between 2003 and January 31, 2020. As of January 31, there were 114 documented civilian deaths in 2020. Civilian Deaths in the Iraq War Civilian casualties are the deaths of non-military individuals as a result of military operations. The number of documented civilian deaths in the Iraq war peaked in 2006 at 29,517 casualties. Since then, the number had fallen to 4,162 casualties documented in the year 2011, and has been on the rise since then. Due to the nature of the Iraq war and of war reporting, data cannot be considered exact. Many civilian deaths that occurred during the war in Iraq may remain unaccounted for. The Iraq war was launched in March 2003 upon the invasion of Iraq by US forces. Eight years later, in December 2011, the US formally declared an end to the Iraq war. From the start of the war in 2003 until September 30, 2015, it is estimated that the United States spent a total of over 819 billion US dollars on war costs in Iraq. This number includes funding requested by the President and appropriated by Congress, and accounts for both military and non-military spending. Spending was highest in 2008, that year over 142 billion US dollars were spent in Iraq by the United States government. As of 2018, about 8,334 US active-duty military personnel were deployed in North Africa, the Near East and South Asia. The number of US American soldiers killed in Iraq peaked in 2007 with just over nine hundred causalities. In the same year, there were over 25 thousand civilian deaths in Iraq. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of black families in the U.S. who live below the poverty level from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, 17.7 percent of black families were living below the poverty line in the United States. Poverty is the state of one who lacks a certain amount of material possessions or money. Absolute poverty or destitution is inability to afford basic human needs, which commonly includes clean and fresh water, nutrition, health care, education, clothing and shelter. 
 The statistic shows the number of lives lost due to floods and flash floods in the United States from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, there were a total of 80 fatalities reported due to flash floods and river floods in the United States. 
 Novartis is a multinational pharmaceutical company based out of Basel, Switzerland. In 2019, the company saw its greatest number of employees in recent history with 103,914 employees working for the company. This is an decrease from 2018 when the company had over 125,000 employees. Novartis, like many pharmaceutical companies has experienced significant growth in recent years. Novartis’ company profile As of 2019, Novartis had two company divisions: Innovative Medicines and Sandoz. Oncology is the most important therapeutic area generating almost 40 percent of the company’s pharmaceuticals revenue. Sandoz is the company’s generics and biosimilars pharmaceutical division with a global focus. Until April 2019, Alcon was Novartis' division specialized in eye care, but then became an own company. While the number of employees at Novartis has increased, the number of patients the company reaches every year has been on the decline. As well as a decrease in the number of patients reached, the company has also decreased their advertising spending in recent years. Novartis’ global positioning Novartis is ranked among the top pharmaceutical companies globally. Recently the company was ranked second based on their market capitalization. Other top companies included Johnson & Johnson and Roche. The company was also ranked third, after Pfizer and Roche, based on their prescription sales in recent years. Based on research and development spending as a share of revenue, Novartis was ranked seventh below AstraZeneca, Eli Lilly and Bristol-Myers Squibb, to name a few. 
 The statistic shows the forecast number of mobile users worldwide from 2019 to 2023. For 2020, the number of mobile users worldwide is forecast to grow to 7.26 billion. 
 This statistic shows employment in Greece from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020 .In 2018, around 3.83 million people were employed in Greece. Employment in Greece Just like the rest of Greece’s economy, the job market has been adversely affected by the economic crisis of 2008; it has been struggling to recover ever since. The majority of the Greek population lives in urbanized areas, but lay-offs and job cuts affect the whole country; the unemployment rate in Greece has been increasing dramatically all over the country and has almost tripled since 2009. Greece’s economy relies heavily on services; most of Greece’s gross domestic product is produced in that sector. The gross domestic / GDP growth rate in Greece, however, has not improved since 2009 – on the contrary, after falling to an all-time low in 2011, GDP is now even lower than in the year recession hit the country. Some of the most important industries for Greece are the maritime and shipping industries, as well as tourism. The export of goods has been on the rise, while imports have been decreasing, causing the trade deficit to improve slowly but steadily. Still, Greece is not out of the red and probably won’t be for some time. National debt in relation to gross domestic product is growing, and Greece is still ranked second on a ranking of countries with the highest public debt worldwide. Austerity measures and rescue packages from the European Union are now put in place to ensure Greece’s recovery from the crisis. 
 In 2019, Chinese exports of trade goods to the United States amounted to about 452.24 billion U.S. dollars; a significant increase from 1985 levels, when imports from China amounted to about 3.86 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. exports to China Compared to U.S. imports from China, the value of U.S. exports to China in 2019 amounted to 106.63 billion U.S. dollars. China is the United States’ largest trading partner, while China was the United States third largest goods export market. Some of the leading exports to China in the agricultural sector included soybeans, cotton, and pork products. Texas was the leading state that exported to China in 2018 based on total value of goods exports, at 16.3 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. - China trade war The trade war between the United States and China is an economic conflict between two of the world’s largest national economies. It started in 2018 when U.S. President Donald Trump started putting tariffs and trade barriers on China, with the intent to get China to conform to Trump’s wishes. President Trump claimed that China has unfair trade businesses. As a result of this trade war, it has caused a lot of tension between the U.S. and China. Nearly half of American companies impacted by the U.S.-China trade tariffs said that the trade war increased their cost of manufacturing. The healthcare product industry has suffered the most from the trade war in regards to reduced profits. 
 The statistic shows the length of the border the United States shares with Canada and Mexico by state. Arizona shares a border of 373 miles with Mexico. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in bowling in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in bowling amounted to approximately 45.49 million. 
 This statistic shows global shipment figures for hard disk drives (HDD) from 1976 to 2018, with a forecast through to 2022. In 2018, global unit shipments of hard disk drives fell to 375.56 million units. High-capacity enterprise HDD shipments are expected to grow, although at a slower rate than previously forecast. Consumer drives and external hard disk drive shipments are both expected to decline. 
 The statistic shows the United Arab Emirates' (UAE) gross domestic product growth from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, The United Arab Emirates' GDP growth rate amounted to approximately 0.49 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in New York from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in New York amounted to 67,274 U.S. dollars. 
 As of 2019, Barclays Group, one of the UK’s largest banks, employed approximately 48.2 thousand people across the country. The UK division accounted for almost 60 percent of all employees of the banking group. India and the United States accounted for the next highest employment figures globally. The majority of the bank’s employees now work in the Head Office division. Leading UK banks by customers For Lloyds Bank Group, Barclays, The Royal Bank of Scotland and nationwide, there was an increase of overall customer numbers between 2007 and 2017. Lloyds (including Bank of Scotland, Halifax and Scottish Widows) increased their number of customers by approximately 11 million. Barclays, a global bank Barclays Plc operates in a total of 50 countries globally, the fifth highest of Europe's leading banks. In terms of total assets, Barclays is the eighth largest bank in Europe and second largest in the UK. As with most other leading banks in the UK and across Europe, the total value of assets owned by Barclays has decreased over several years. 
 The statistic shows total U.S. government spending for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP, formerly called Food Stamps) from 1995 to 2020. In 2010, about 70 billion U.S. dollars were spent for the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Norway from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Norway amounted to about 2.77 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The timeline shows Bentley's worldwide vehicle sales from the fiscal year of 2012 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Volkswagen Group sold some 9,560 vehicles under its Bentley brand. 
 This statistic displays a forecast of the number of smartphone users in the Russian Federation from 2015 to 2022. For 2018, the number of smartphone users in Russia is estimated to reach 82.82 million, with the number of smartphone users worldwide forecast to exceed 2.5 billion users by that time. By 2022 another ten million individuals are expected to own a smartphone taking the predicted number of smartphone users to 93.11 million. This translates to an expected 65.54 percent penetration rate of smartphones usage in the Russian Federation in 2022. This only includes individuals of any age who own and their device or devices at least once a month. Compared to other countries the smartphone penetration rate of 46.71 percent in 2015 was quite low. Statista data shows that other countries like Norway and Sweden had the highest penetration in Europe in 2015. Comparable penetration numbers can be found in the Czech Republic, Estonia, Portugal, and Slovakia. The dominant operating system on the Russian market is the Android OS with about two thirds of the market share followed by the Apple iOS with roughly a quarter of the market share. 
 This statistic shows the average annual wages in Greece from 2000 to 2018. Over this period, the annual average rose, peaking at 22 thousand euros in 2009. After 2009 there was a significant decrease in the average annual wages in Greece, which amounted 17.5 thousand euros in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Boston Red Sox games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 59.32 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Green Bay Packers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Green Bay Packers was 77,845. 
 Facebook was the most popular social media platform among daily social media users in Denmark in 2018. 53 percent of internet users in Denmark reported to have used Facebook on a daily basis. The social media platform had 2.91 million users in 2016 and was forecast to have around 3.12 million users by 2022. Snapchat and Instagram were the platforms which followed in the ranking of most frequently used social media with 19 percent of daily users each. Denmark takes second place among Nordic countries using Facebook Compared to other Nordic countries, Denmark took second place regarding monthly Facebook users. Sweden was reported to have the highest number of monthly Facebook users as of January 2018, amounting to over seven million users. Other social media platforms, such as LinkedIn and WhatsApp, had four percent of Danish respondents using them on a daily basis in 2018. The main reason to use LinkedIn in 2017 was reported to be strengthening the professional network, according to 89 percent of respondents. In contrast, 55 percent of Instagram users were using the platform for entertainment purposes the same year in Denmark 
 This statistic shows the aggregated gross revenues of PricewaterhouseCoopers from 2006 to 2019. In the fiscal year of 2019, PwC generated approximately 42.45 billion U.S. dollars in aggregated gross revenues. PwC - additional information PwC is one of the four largest accounting and audit firms in the world. These firms, known collectively as the ‘Big Four’, also include Deloitte, Ernst & Young (EY) and KPMG. PwC is the second largest of the Big Four in terms of revenue in 2019, coming close after Deloitte. PwC has three main service lines – assurance, advisory and tax. In terms of worldwide revenue, assurance is PwC’s largest service line and accounted for almost 41 percent of the company’s total revenue in 2019. PwC also had the highest assurance revenue streams of the Big Four firms in 2019. PwC’s tax service business line is also the largest of the Big Four, grossing 10.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. In comparison, KPMG made 6.62 billion U.S. dollars from tax services in that same year. The majority of PwC’s revenue is generated in Western Europe and the Americas. In 2019, these two regions made combined revenues of around 31.9 billion U.S. dollars, with the rest of the world grossing just 10.5 billion U.S. dollars. Of these two regions, the Americas is the largest. PwC generated 17.8 billion U.S. dollars in there in 2019, which accounted for more than one third of the revenue in that year. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Sonic Corporation in the United States from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, Sonic Corp. generated a revenue of 423.59 million U.S. dollars. Sonic Corporation, founded in Oklahoma, United States in 1953, is a drive-in fast-food restaurant chain. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in surfing in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, there were approximately 2.68 million participants in surfing in the U.S. Other outdoor activities such as wildlife viewing and recreational fishing / boating are also popular outdoor activities. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Vietnam from 2014 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2016, the total population of Vietnam amounted to approximately 92.69 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic gives information on the mobile internet penetration in Indonesia from 2017 to 2022. In 2017, 27 percent of the population accessed the internet from their mobile phone. This figure is expected to grow to 36 percent in 2021. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of Japan from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. The amount of Japan's national debt in 2017 amounted to about 11.73 trillion U.S. dollar. In a ranking of debt to GDP per country, Japan is thus currently ranked first. Japan's economic power With one of the largest gross domestic products (GDP), Japan is among the largest economies in the world. However, ever since the global financial crisis, Japan's GDP - like many others - has been slightly unstable; Japan even reported a negative GDP growth in comparison to the previous year in 2011 and in 2014. Still, it is estimated that gross domestic product in Japan will continue to thrive over the next decade. One indicator is Japan's inflation rate: Despite the aforementioned economic slumps, Japan has managed to maintain one of the lowest inflation rates in the world, and it also reduced its unemployment rate. Between 2010 and 2013, the unemployment rate in Japan decreased by approximately one percent, and it is expected to drop even lower over the next years. Recently, Japan has been reporting a trade deficit, meaning the value of its imports exceeds the value of its exports. Most of these imports have come from China and the United States. The trade deficit is one of the causes for in an increase of the national debt. It is estimated that the national debt in relation to the GDP will increase further until 2020. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Hungary from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Hungary amounted to about 2.85 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2017, most popular accommodation type for overnight stays of tourists in Sweden were hotels as the number of nights spent in this type of accommodation amounted to 36.6 million. It was followed by camping sites with 15.8 million overnight stays and hostels with 3.6 million overnight stays. Generally, the number of arrivals in Swedish tourist accommodations rose constantly in the past years. As of 2017, it peaked at almost 30 million arrivals at accommodation establishments. Hotel number The number of hotels and similar accommodations in Sweden remained relatively constant during the years from 2007 to 2017. With 2.05 thousand hotels, hostels etc. in the country, the number was highest in 2010. By the end of this period, there were 2.03 hotel accommodations in operation. Hotel industry’s net turnover Overall, the net turnover of the hotel sector in the travel accommodation industry in Sweden increased in recent years. In 2017, hotels with restaurant generated the highest net turnover, reaching nearly 36 billion Swedish kronor. Hotels without a restaurant made a much lower net turnover, with approximately four billion Swedish kronor. 
 The statistic shows the total population in the United Kingdom from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The population grew steadily over this period. Population of the United Kingdom Despite a fertility rate just below the replacement rate, the United Kingdom’s population has been slowly but steadily growing, increasing by an average of 0.6 percent every year since 2002. The age distribution has remained roughly the same for the past ten years or so, with the share of the population over 65 years old seeing a slight increase as the baby boomer generation enters into that age bracket. That share is likely to continue growing slightly, as the United Kingdom has one of the highest life expectancies in the world. The population of the island nation is predominantly whiteChristians, but a steady net influx of immigrants, part of a legacy of the wide-reaching former British Empire, has helped diversify the population. One of the largest ethnic minorities in the United Kingdom is that of residents of an Indian background, born either in the UK, India, or in other parts of the world. India itself is experiencing problems with rapid population growth, causing some of its population to leave the country in order to find employment. The United Kingdom’s relatively lower levels of unemployment and the historical connection between the two countries (which has also resulted in family connections between individuals) are likely reasons that make it a popular destination for Indian emigrants. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for aluminum from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for aluminum stood at 2,108 nominal U.S. dollars per metric ton. 
 This statistic shows the average number of people per household in the United Kingdom in 2011, by country. A household is defined as one person living alone, or a group of people (not necessarily related) living at the same address who share cooking facilities and share a living room or sitting room or dining area. Northern Ireland had the highest average, at 2.5 people per household, with households in Scotland being the smallest at an average of 2.2 people per household. Regarding the average number of people per household in regions of England, the largest households were found in the Greater London area with an average of 2.5 people per household. While households in the East Midlands, North West, Yorkshire and the Humber, South West and North East had an average size of 2.3 people. Between 2008/2009 and 2014/2015, households in Northern Ireland have stayed unchanged at 2.5 people per household, by comparison, households in Great Britain had experienced a slight increase in 2011/2012 to 2.4, but stayed at 2.3 people for every other year. 
 This statistic shows the general government gross consolidated debt (national debt) at a nominal value of the United Kingdom (UK) from 2000 to 2019. After a small decrease from 2000/01 to 2001/02 national debt increased each year during this period. The largest increase came from 2008/09 to 2009/10 when national debt rose by 255 billion pounds. 
 The United States is the most successful nation of all time at the Summer Olympic Games, having amassed a total of 2,520 medals since the first Olympics in 1896. Team USA gets the gold medalOf the 2,520 medals won by Team USA over the years, over one thousand have been gold. The dominance of the United States can be shown in the fact that only two other nations, Russia and Germany, have reached a combined medal tally of 1,000. The United States team has been present at every edition of the Olympics except for the 1980 Summer Olympics held in Moscow, which they boycotted in protest against the Soviet Union’s invasion of Afghanistan during the height of the Cold War. In the most recent Summer Olympics, held in Rio de Janiero in 2016, Team USA emerged with 121 medals, making it their third most successful Olympics in history. The team were able to claim 46 gold medals across a record 35 sports, including men’s basketball, women’s water polo, and tennis mixed doubles. Team USA only second best in the Winter Olympics The United States’ unrivalled success in the Summer Olympics is not quite matched in the Winter Olympics. Whilst Team USA claims second spot in the all-time medal tally with an impressive 305 medals, they are just beaten by Norway, who have claimed 368 medals since 1924. This tally is very impressive considering Norway’s population stands at just over five million inhabitants, a fraction of the size of the United States. Indeed, the most successful Winter Olympian of all time, Marit Bjørgen, hails from the Scandinavian country. The cross-country skiier collected eight gold medals, four silver, and three bronze in a dazzling career that spanned five Winter Olympics between 2002 and 2018. 
 This statistic shows the United Kingdom's North Sea revenue from 2008/09 to 2018/19. North Sea revenue refers to revenues from petroleum revenue tax, corporation tax and licence fees from all offshore oil and gas activity on the North Sea. In 2018/19, North Sea revenue reached over 1.2 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the real gross domestic product (GDP) of Canada from 2000 to 2019, at 2012 constant prices. In 2019, the real GDP of Canada was around 1.64 trillion Canadian dollars at 2012 constant prices. Constant prices adjust for the effect of inflation on the underlying goods and services used to calculate GDP, thereby enabling the GDP figure to reflect actual changes in output. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cleveland Indians games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 31.16 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in New York from 2000 to 2018. 13.6 percent of New York's population lived below the poverty line in 2018. 
 This statistic represents the annual growth in global air traffic passenger demand between 2006 and 2020. In 2019, global air traffic passenger demand is estimated to increase by 4.2 percent on the year before. By 2020, traffic is projected to grow with another 4.1 percent. Annual growth in global air traffic passenger demand On a global scale, passenger air travel is expected to maintain positive growth rates up to 2030, despite a number of challenges faced by the industry: airlines around the world are struggling with high jet fuel prices and sluggish economic growth. However, these difficult economic conditions are predicted to be offset by an increase in passenger figures, which in turn is projected to translate into improved financial performance of the airline sector. It is believed that the global aviation industry will reach up to 29.3 billion U.S. dollars in profits in 2020, up from only 8.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2011. Between 2019 and 2038, the number of airline passengers is expected to grow at a compound annual growth rate (CAGR) of 4.6 percent. Low-cost carriers and regional airlines have revolutionized the airline business with the introduction of innovative low-fare business models. Notwithstanding the fact that airlines such as Easyjet and Ryanair have steadily eaten into the market share of major transportation companies. American Airlines remained the leading airline in terms of passenger kilometers flown in 2018, followed by Georgia-based Delta Air Lines, United and Emirates Airlines. Aviation demand is set to be fuelled by the rising affluence of the middle classes in emerging markets. Consequently, the air traffic industry is forecast to grow most significantly in Latin America and Africa. In 2018, the airports in Atlanta (IATA: ATL), Beijing (IATA: PEK) and Dubai (IATA: DXB) were ranked as the three major airports for passenger traffic. 
 The statistic shows the brand value of the sports company Reebok from 2012 to 2017. Reebok had a brand value of 0.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Rwanda from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Rwanda amounted to about 1.36 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Denver Broncos games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 105.14 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Azerbaijan from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Azerbaijan amounted to about 2.33 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Taiwan from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Taiwan's real gross domestic product grew by around 2.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of Carnival Corporation & plc passengers worldwide from 2007 to 2019. In 2019, the cruise company Carnival Corporation carried approximately 12.9 million passengers on its ships.. 
 The statistic presents the value of personal savings in the United States from 1960 to 2019, as of last quarter of each year. The personal savings in the United States amounted to roughly 1.29 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. Personal savings in the United States It is generally the case that in times of austerity people hold on to capital. In the wake of the 2008 financial crisis, this has also been the case. The periods of growth and seeming economic stability in the pre-2008 crisis period were due to falling savings rates and growing household debt. People were confident the good times would stay and felt comfortable in borrowing money. Interest rates were low and credit was easily accessible and widely available - these factors encouraged people to spend money. United States consumers pushed growth at home and abroad. According to McKinsey&Company, consumers in the United States have accounted for more than three-quarters of US GDP growth since the year 2000 and for more than one-third of worldwide growth in private consumption since 1990. These trends were fuelled by the surge in household debt and spendthrift. When people change their habits in the opposite direction the economic benefits of consumer spending go into reverse. People start trying to reduce their indebtedness, spend less and save more, consumption inevitably tumbles. An increase in saving means a decrease in spending, this equates to a serious drag for any economy. The value of personal savings in the United States in 2007 amounted to 296.5 billion U.S. dollars. After the 2008 crisis the savings increased to over 600 billion U.S. dollars and reached a high of almost 1.3 trillion U.S. dollars in 2012 before falling significantly to just over 926 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 - although savings rates again climbed to just below 1.3 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Washington Nationals games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 44.12 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the consumption of coal energy for electricity generation in the United States between 1950 and 2018. In 2018, U.S. energy consumption derived from coal came to approximately 636.5 million short tons of this fossil fuel. Coal-fueled electricity generation in the United States The consumption of coal has risen steadily from the 1950s to the present. Recently, coal-fired electricity consumption has decreased in the United States from one billion short tons in 2007 to 636.5 million short tons in 2018. Coal energy is primarily used for the electric power sector. In 2017, the industrial sector accounted for 1.2 quadrillion British thermal units (Btu) while the electric power sector accounted for 12.7 quadrillion Btu. An Edison plant was built for New York City in 1882 and was the first coal-fired electricity plant in the United States. By the 1950s, coal was considered the leading source of fuel for electricity generation. Declines in coal usage occurred around 2007, amidst the increased availability of renewables and natural gas. Environmental concerns surrounding coal and its emissions have also driven its gradual decline. The use of coal plants has been linked to acid rain, various emissions, and mercury pollution. The United States was the second largest consumer of coal in the world, totaling 453.4 million metric tons of oil equivalents (mtoe). However, China’s consumption exceeds the total of many other countries combined, reaching 1,962.4 mtoe in 2014. Coal is the second most common source of primary energy in the world. Electricity generation from fossil fuels is still a primary source of fuel around the world. Fossil fuel consumption in the United States reached some 80.2 quadrillion Btu in 2014. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Sweden from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Swedish population was 40.9 years. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Mozambique from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the inflation rate in Mozambique amounted to about 3.91 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the real gross domestic product (GDP) of the United States in Q3 2019, by state. In the third quarter of 2019, the state of California added about 2.79 trillion chained (2012) U.S. dollars of value to the U.S. real GDP. Total real GDP amounted to about 19.12 trillion chained (2012) U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Italy from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 70.44 percent of the total population in Italy lived in cities. The largest city in Italy, with the largest amount of inhabitants, is Rome, with almost 3 million inhabitants. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Chicago Cubs from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Chicago Cubs was 38,208. • Chicago Cubs total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic presents the per capita consumption of fresh bananas in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh bananas amounted to approximately 28.22 pounds in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Jacksonville Jaguars from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Jacksonville Jaguars was 59,987. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Russia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in Russia was around 1.66 trillion U.S. dollars. Russian economy The Russian economy is primarily directed by both the private sector and the state. As a member of the BRIC, Russia is currently experiencing an accelerated growth within the economy with a chance of earning a place in the G7 economies. As of the 1990s, a large amount of the country’s industrial and agricultural sectors were privatized, however energy and military production remained with the state for the most part. As a result, the majority of Russian exports consisted of energy products as well as high-tech military equipment. The effects of the global financial crisis of 2008 took a similar toll on the Russian economy, however only had short term effects. Russia recovered after 2 years and has since experienced exponential economical growth and productivity due to aggressive and prompt actions from the government, providing Russia with one of the most profitable economies in the world. Additionally, unemployment reached an all-decade low from the recent Russian economic boom, which furthermore implies that there is a slight growth in wages, however is also accompanied by a large worker shortage. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Bulgaria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Bulgaria had amounted to about 2.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Seattle Mariners games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 37.77 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the New England Patriots from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the New England Patriots was 65,878. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Uganda from 1984 to 2019, with projections up until 2024. In 2019, the average inflation rate in Uganda amounted to about 3.18 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows Scotland's gross domestic product (GDP) from 2011/2012 to 2016/2017. Scotland's GDP increased till the end of the period by a total of over 19 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Kenya from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 27.03 percent of Kenya's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 West Virginia, Mississippi, and Oklahoma are the U.S. states with the highest percentage of their population who are obese. The states with the lowest percentage of their population who are obese include Colorado, Hawaii, and California. It is estimated that around 31 percent of the entire U.S. population is obese. Obesity in the United States Obesity is a growing problem in many countries around the world, but the United States has the highest rate of obesity among all OECD countries. The prevalence of obesity in the United States has risen steadily over the previous two decades with no signs of declining. Obesity in the U.S. is more common among women than men and overweight and obesity rates are higher among African Americans than any other race or ethnicity. Causes and health impacts Obesity is most commonly the result of a combination of poor diet, overeating, physical inactivity, and a genetic susceptibility. Obesity is associated with various negative health impacts including an increased risk of cardiovascular diseases, certain types of cancer, and diabetes type 2. As of 2017, a shocking 9.4 percent of the U.S. population had been diagnosed with diabetes. Diabetes is currently the seventh leading cause of death in the U.S.
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Australia from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, 86.01 percent of Australia's population lived in cities. 
 There were 77,647 branches of FDIC-insured commercial banks in the United States in 2018. After a period of growth from 2000 to 2008, this number has been slowly diminishing in the past few years. In 2018, Wells Fargo led the ranking of banks with the highest number of branches. What does the FDIC do? The FDIC (Federal Deposit Insurance Corporation) is an agency created by the United States Congress that guarantees the deposits in commercial banks up to 250,000 U.S. dollars. This protects depositors in the event that the bank becomes insolvent. It also enables banks to issue more loans, since depositors may prefer banks that are insured by the FDIC. Trends in the banking industry While the number of branches has stayed relatively stable, the number of FDIC-insured commercial banks has declined in recent years. As younger generations become more accustomed to online and digital banking, the need for bank branches may also wane. 
 In 2018, the state of Mississippi had the highest infant mortality rate in the United States, with 8.9 deaths per 1,000 live births. Infant mortality is the death of an infant before the age of one. The countries with the lowest infant mortality rates worldwide are Monaco, Japan, and Iceland. The countries with the highest infant mortality rates include Afghanistan, Somalia, and the Central African Republic. Causes Rates and causes of infant mortality are different depending on the country and region. However, the leading causes of neonatal deaths include preterm birth complications, intrapartum-related events, and sepsis. The leading causes of death among children aged 1 to 59 months are pneumonia, diarrhea, and injury. In the United States The infant mortality rate in the United States has decreased over the past few decades, reaching a low of 5.7 deaths per 1,000 live births in 2017. The most common causes of infant death in the United States are congenital malformations, low birth rate, maternal complications, and sudden infant death syndrome. In 2017, congenital malformations accounted for around 119 infant deaths per 100,000 live births. 
 This statistic displays the minimum monthly wage in selected Latin American countries for 2019. According to the source, Uruguay is the country with the highest basic salary in the region, with a minimum wage of 462.3 U.S. dollars per month. On the other side of the spectrum is Venezuela, with a minimum monthly salary of only seven dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Saudi Arabia from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Saudi Arabia's population was 30 years. See Saudi Arabia's population figures for comparison. 
 This statistic shows the estimated number of days lost due to workplace injury in Great Britain from 2010/11 to 2017/18. In 2017/18, the number of days lost due to workplace injury amounted to approximately 3.9 million days lost, the lowest amount in the provided time interval. 
 This statistic displays the price of rare earth oxide cerium oxide globally from 2009 to 2025. It is expected that the price of cerium oxide will reach some 5,959 U.S. dollars per metric ton in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Lincoln Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Lincoln Memorial amounted to approximately 7.81 million in 2019. 
 The statistic shows the average prices for Boeing aircraft as of January 2019, by type. The 737-800 model had a list price of 106.1 million U.S. dollars. The Boeing 777-9 is the company’s most expensive model Along with Airbus, Embraer, and Bombardier Aerospace, Boeing is one of the world's four largest aircraft manufacturers. The maker of airplanes, rockets, satellites and rotorcraft is the global leader based on revenue. The Chicago-headquartered jet manufacturer greatly outperformed its main competitor, Airbus: Boeing generated over 100 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018, compared to the 73 billion U.S. dollars (or about 63.7 billion euros) generated by Airbus. The competition between Boeing and Airbus has been intense over the years. With the exception of 2011, when Airbus received a staggering 1,608 orders, both companies have been receiving a somewhat comparable amount of orders since 2003. Boeing’s 737 aircraft series have emerged as the company’s best sellers, accounting for over 69 percent of all aircraft delivered worldwide by Boeing in 2017. That said, the Boeing 737 Max-8 was involved in a sequence of airplane crashes, and has thus been grounded in many countries around the world. The Boeing 737 twinjet narrow-body jet is a shorter, more economical model similar to Boeing’s 727 and 707. The Boeing 737-700, which costs just under 90 million U.S. dollars, is among the least expensive models, while the Boeing 777-9, priced at 442 million U.S. dollars, is among the most expensive ones on Boeing's price list. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Greece from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, GDP per capita in Greece amounted to around 20,317.18 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC customs duty receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. Over this period, customs duties have amounteed to approximately 52.5 billion British pounds (GBP) worth of revenue, with the years 2016/17 and 2017/18 both generating 3.4 billion pounds each. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Vietnam from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Vietnam was 1.89 percent. 
 This statistic shows the total farmland area in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2014, farms in the United States occupied a total area of approximately 913 million acres. By 2018, this amount decreased to 899 million acres. 
 The timeline pictures the per capita consumption of cheese in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The per capita consumption of the entire cheese category in the United States amounted to about 39 pounds in 2017. 
 Mangos are native to South and Southeast Asia and are now enjoyed all over the world. The global production volume of mangos, mangosteens, and guavas reached 50.65 million metric tons in 2017, an increase from 46.5 million metric tons in the 2016. Mango production in Asia Much of the world’s mangos come from the Asia Pacific region, specifically India and China. In 2016, India’s mango, mangosteen and guava production volume amounted to 19.5 million tons, or just under half of the world’s mangos in that year. The volume of mangos produced in China in 2016 was about 4.8 million tons. U.S. Mango consumption Mangos are a popular and widely available fruit in the United States. The popularity of mangos among Americans is only increasing with time. In 2000, Americans on average would consume 1.75 pounds of fresh mango per year and by 2017, this figure had nearly doubled to 3.21 pounds of fresh mango per capita. Dried mango is another popular way to consume the fruit, and is readily available in many U.S. grocery stores. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Philadelphia Phillies games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 36.04 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the annual net sales of Kimberly-Clark from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the annual revenue of Kimberly-Clark amounted to some 18.45 billion U.S. dollars. Kimberly-Clark Corporation is one of the world's leading manufacturers of paper-based consumer products. The company is headquartered in Irving, Texas. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Detroit Tigers games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 28.31 U.S. dollars. Detroit Tigers The Detroit Tigers are a franchise of Major League Baseball founded in 1894. The team is part of MLB’s American League Central Division, which also includes the Cleveland Indians, the Kansas City Royals, the Minnesota Twins and the Chicago White Sox. In its history the Detroit Tigers have won the World Series four times, the first one in 1935 and most recently in 1984. Since the year 2000, the Detroit Tigers have been playing their home games at the newly constructed Comerica Park, which has a seating capacity of about 41 thousand. In the 2018 season the average attendance at games of the Tigers was at 23,212, a total attendance of 1.86 million. The average ticket price was 28.15 U.S. dollars. According to the report, concession stands in the stadium charged 5 U.S. dollars for a beer, 4.75 U.S. dollars for a hot dog and 4.75 U.S. dollars for a soft drink. Over the past ten years, revenue of the Detroit Tigers has increased every year from 108 million U.S. dollars in 2002 to 277 million U.S. dollars in 2017. However, this figure dipped slightly to 276 million U.S. dollars in 2018. The franchise, which is owned by Mike Ilitch, is currently valued at 1.3 billion U.S. dollars, placing it 21st overall amongst teams of Major League Baseball. The average franchise value was at 1.645 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of Apple stores around the world from 2005 to 2015. In 2015, there were 463 Apple stores worldwide. Apple Stores info Since the opening of the first Apple store in the United States in 2001, the number of Apple stores around the world has boomed, surpassing 200 stores after 2007 and still rising. The stores are located in many high profile locations and cities around the world including New York, London, Amsterdam, Berlin, Sydney, Osaka and Shanghai just to name a few and typically boast exceptional designs such as the famous glass cube found in midtown Manhattan. Official store openings have come to be a reputable event with many thousands of people often turning up in response to the promise of prizes, giveaways and prestige. People have also been known to line up overnight at Apple stores upon the release of new products. Originally experts were skeptical as to whether the concept of self-branded stand alone Apple stores would indeed prove to be successful. In 2014, Apple reported revenue of 21.46 billion U.S. dollars from sales from their own branded retail stores alone. By starting their own stores, Apple has been able to take control of the imaging, presentation and reputation of their brand in a more controlled way than many other brands which has only further aided their unprecedented success in the global market. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Taco Bell restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. Taco Bell's ACSI score was 75 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. Taco Bell Taco Bell is quick-service restaurant chain based in Irvine, California, with a focus on Mexican-style food products such as tacos, nachos, burritos and quesadillas. It is a subsidiary of Yum! Brands, which also own Kentucky Fried Chicken and Pizza Hut. Yum! Brands’ overall revenue was at 5.69 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 and Taco Bell accounted for over two billion U.S. dollars of that revenue. In 2018, there were a over seven thousand Taco Bell restaurants in operation. In 2017, the majority (6,588) of those stores were located in the United States. The remaining Taco Bell restaurants were located in the other 26 countries where Taco Bell operates. 
 This statistic shows the global unit shipments of e-Readers from 2010 to 2015. In 2013, 33.9 million units of e-Readers were shipped worldwide. 
 Euro Stoxx 50 is the index designed by STOXX, a globally operating index provider headquartered in Zurich, Switzerland, which in turn is owned by Deutsche Börse Group. This index provides the broad representation of the Eurozone blue chips performance. Blue chips are corporations known on the European market for quality, reliability and the ability to operate profitably both in good and bad economic times. Development of the Euro Stoxx 50 index The year-end value of the Euro Stoxx 50 peaked in 1999, with 4,904.46 index points. It noted significant decrease between 1999 and 2002, then an increase to 4,399.72 in 2007, prior to the global recession. Since the very sharp decline in 2008, there was a tentative increase, never yet reaching the pre-recession levels. As of the end of 2019, the Euro Stoxx 50 index amounted to 3745.15 points, its highest position post recession. Some of the following reputable companies formed the Euro Stoxx 50 index: Adidas, Airbus Group, Allianz, BMW, BNP Paribas, L'Oréal, ING Group NV, Nokia, Phillips, Siemens, Société Générale SA or Volkswagen Group. European financial stock exchange indices Other European indices include the DAX (Deutscher Aktienindex) index and the FTSE 100 (Financial times Stock Exchange 100 index). FTSE, informally known as the “Footsie”, is a share index of the 100 companies listed on the London Stock Exchange with the highest market capitalization. The Index, which began in January 1984 with the base level of 1000, reached 6728.1 at closing of 2018. More in-depth information can be found in the Statista dossier on stock market indices. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Cambodia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Cambodian population was 24 years. 
 The statistic shows the global consumption value of household appliances from 2013 to 2020. In 2013, the worldwide consumption of household appliances amounted to 428.17 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Starwood Hotels & Resorts worldwide from 2005 to 2015. The hotel company generated approximately 5.76 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2015. Starwood Hotels & Resorts was founded in 1969 and now has more than 1,200 properties worldwide. 
 This statistic represents Kia's revenue between the 2009 and 2018 fiscal years. In the 2018 fiscal year, the Kia Motor Corporation generated around 54.2 trillion Korean won - or just under 50 billion U.S. dollars - in revenue. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Peru from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Peru increased by about 1.32 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Russia from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 74.43 percent of the total population lived in Russian cities. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Milwaukee Brewers games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 28.44 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the level of employment in Spain from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020. In 2018, the level of employment in Spain was around 19.33 million people. Economy of Spain Before the economic crisis started in 2007, Spain’s economy was one of the most thriving in the European Union, but since it was severely hit and officially entered recession in 2009, gross domestic product / GDP growth in Spain has been struggling to recover. The amount of money banks have been lending to Spain due to the euro crisis is enormous, but the country still has a long way to go. There is still a vast difference between government revenue and spending in Spain, with spending being significantly higher than revenue. Today, a look at a comparison of GDP and national debt in selected euro countries reveals that Spain’s GDP is higher than that of other countries which were severely affected by the economic crisis, i.e. Greece, Portugal and Ireland. However, when looking at the national debt in the European Union, Spain’s national debt is still one of the highest. The rate of employment has been decreasing constantly since the crisis, while the unemployment rate in Spain has been increasing dramatically and still continues to rise. Just as in other affected countries, many people are losing their jobs while the younger generation graduating from universities are struggling to find employment. Many are leaving the country in search of work elsewhere. In 2012, Spain introduced a labor reform which is slowly taking effect. 
 In 2019, Orange was the second most valuable French brand, with a value of 18.1 billion euros. Orange is a Paris-based multinational telecommunications corporation which provides mobile, landline, internet and IPTV services. As of 2019, Orange was the eighth most valuable telecommunication company in the world. Brand value Brand value, not to be mistaken with brand equity, is a commonly used phrase in the marketing industry. It describes the value of brands based on the assumption that the owner of a well-known brand name can generate more money compared to products with a less well-known name. As of 2018, France has the sixth highest nation brands value in the world. What is the most valuable retail brand in the world? As of 2019, Amazon was ranked as the world’s most valuable retail brand, with a brand value of around 316 billion U.S. dollars. Amazon.com is an international e-commerce company offering online retail, computing services, consumer electronics, digital content as well as other local services such as daily deals and groceries. Alibaba, Home Depot, and Walmart were the next most valuable retail brands in the world that year. 
 Hogs and pigs are one of the main sources of meat in the United States, and there is a thriving domestic pork market. As of March 2019, Iowa had an inventory of about 23.5 million hogs and pigs, making it the top producer of swine in the country by a large margin. In that same year, the second largest producer of hogs and pigs was North Carolina, with about 8.9 million head. Swine Production Pigs have several advantages over other livestock. They are good at converting animal feed into meat and do not require large grazing areas. In addition, almost every part of the pig can be eaten or processed, making them an efficient source of meat. Thus, raising pigs for consumption is a good investment for small-scale farmers and factory farms alike. Pork Market in the U.S. Some of the classic staples of an American breakfast are bacon, sausage, or ham, which are all pork products. Pork is one of the most frequently consumed protein sources in the United States with the average American consuming about 50.8 pounds of pork per year as of 2018. In 2017, over 25 billion pounds of pork were produced in the United States. 
 The statistic shows the United Arab Emirates' (UAE) gross domestic product from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, The United Arab Emirates' GDP amounted to approximately 377.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 According to quarterly pulse monitors, the growth of residential property prices in the Netherlands is expected to slow down in 2019 and 2020. In 2020, housing prices are believed to increase with three percent. This is significantly less than in August 2019, when residential real estate prices grew with approximately 5.7 percent when compared to the same month a year before. The average price for a house in the Netherlands was approximately 287,000 euros in 2018. This forecast could change quite drastically, though… The source mentions there is a lot of uncertainty whether this prediction will hold true. This has to do with the so-called “nitrogen decision” (in Dutch: stikstofbesluit) in May 2019. Simply put, a Dutch advisory body found that the domestic policy for nitrogen emission (formally known as Programmatische Aanpak Stikstof or Programmatic Approach Nitrogen) went against European rules. As of August 2019, a sizable share of the Dutch population was not familiar with this nitrogen policy. However, the advisory body’s decision led to an immediate stop to all construction in the country (amongst other things). By the end of 2019, this stop was still in place. How about the housing market in Amsterdam? Amsterdam, Haarlem and Haarlemmermeer (two areas surrounding the Dutch capital) were the cities and/or municipalities with the highest house prices in 2018. On average, a house in Amsterdam sold for over 115,000 euros more than a house in Utrecht. Amsterdam was also well above the average rents found in other cities. A house in Amsterdam had a rent of approximately 23 euros per square meter in 2019, whereas rents in Rotterdam costed roughly 16 euros per square meter. It should be noted, however, that rent changes in the Dutch capital are significantly lower than those found in Rotterdam and especially Utrecht. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Houston Astros from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 368 million U.S. dollars.The Houston Astros are owned by Jim Crane, who bought the franchise for 465 million U.S. dollars in 2011. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in China from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 59.15 percent of China's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic presents the total contribution of travel and tourism to GDP in the United Kingdom from 2012 to 2018, with an additional forecast for 2028. Over this period, the contribution of the travel and tourism industry to GDP in the UK has increased, reaching 213.8 billion British pounds in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of China from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of China amounted to around 6,345.62 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows Bechtel's global revenue from the fiscal year of 2006 to the fiscal year of 2018. The company generated around 25.5 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in the fiscal year of 2018. Bechtel Founded by Warren A. Bechtel in 1898, the Bechtel Corporation is the largest construction and engineering company in the United States and the twelfth largest construction contractor worldwide. In 2014, the privately held, family-controlled company released over 19,743 metric tons of carbon emissions. In 2018, Bechtel reported new work booked of around 17.3 billion US dollars. Currently, Riley P. Bechtel functions as the company’s chief executive officer, a position he took over from his father Stephen D. Bechtel in 1990. As a result of poor management decisions made by Riley P. Bechtel during the late 1990s and early 2000s, the firm struggled financially, but recovered. The construction and engineering giant operates through five global business units and is predominantly active in the energy and power sector, the environmental sector, the government services sector, the civil infrastructure sector and the industrial sector. The most important projects carried out by Bechtel include the building of Hoover Dam, Hong Kong International Airport, King Fahd International Airport, the Bay Area Rapid Transit (BART) system and Ivanpah Solar Electric Power Facility, which is a solar thermal power project located in the Mojave Desert. Furthermore, the firm was among the first companies hired by the Bush administration to help rebuild Iraq. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in the Netherlands from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 91.49 percent of the total population of the Netherlands lived in cities. Population of the Netherlands The Netherlands is a developed country with a high standard of living. Owing to a fairly steady fertility rate, the total population of the Netherlands has only slightly increased over the past decade. A look at the population growth in the Netherlands shows that growth has been less than 1 percent at some points, and has even decreased to less than 0.5 percent at other intervals over the past few years. Population density in the Netherlands has increased very slightly accordingly, with the majority of the population living in cities, the largest being Amsterdam in terms of residents, closely followed by Rotterdam. The median age of the Netherlands’ population (i.e. one half of the population is older, while the other one is younger) has increased significantly since the 1980s, which is indicative of a high life expectancy among inhabitants. The Netherlands is currently ranked 16th on a ranking of the 20 countries with the highest life expectancy worldwide. The Netherlands is also among the countries with the highest GDP in the world, and is thus one of the leading economies. The majority of the workforce is employed in the services sector, generating the majority of gross domestic product. The labor force of the Netherlands consists of more than 8 million employed persons, and the unemployment rate has been increasing since the economic crisis in 2008. The crisis has also been visible in the inflation rate in the Netherlands over the past few years; on the other hand, trade balance figures show that the Dutch economy has been recovering steadily. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Thailand from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Thailand amounted to around 7,448.12 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the New York Knicks of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the New York Knicks franchise had an estimated value of 4.6 billion U.S. dollars. New York Knicks - additional information The basketball team New York Knicks is part of the Eastern Conference of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise was established in 1946 and was one of the founding members of the Basketball Association of America, which later became the NBA through a merger with the National Basketball League. Home games of the New York Knicks are played at the Madison Square Garden, which has a capacity of almost 20 thousand for basketball games. The team, as well as the arena, is owned by the Madison Square Garden Company, which also owns the WNBA’s New York Liberty basketball team and the New York Rangers of the National Hockey League. In 2019, the New York Knicks were assessed as the most valuable franchise of the NBA by Forbes with a total value of 4 billion U.S. dollars. The only other franchises valued at three billion or more were the Los Angeles Lakers and the Golden State Warriors. The average league-wide franchise value was at 1.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. For the 2017/18 season, the New York Knicks generated 443 million U.S. dollars in revenue. New York Knicks regular season games were attended by an average of 19 thousand spectators in the 2017/18 season. The total attendance was at more than 790 thousand. According to Team Marketing Report’s Fan Cost Index, the average ticket price for New York Knicks games was at almost 130 U.S. dollars, more than twice as high as the league-wide average ticket price, which was at 55.88 U.S. dollars in 2015/16. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Malaysia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Malaysia was at 11.67 percent. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Indonesia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 55.33 percent of Indonesia's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Indonesia's urban and rural population In 2010, 51 percent of the world’s population lived in cities while 49 percent of the world’s population lived in rural areas. Indonesia is a prime example for this almost equal distribution: In 2010, for example, Indonesia’s population was half urban and half rural. While urbanization has been slower in Indonesia than in many other countries around the world, the urbanization process is now progressing rather quickly. The largest city in Indonesia is Jakarta, which is located on the island of Java. It is also the capital and home to close to 10 million of Indonesia’s 273 million inhabitants. Three of the nation’s other large urban areas include Surabaya, Bandung and Bekasi, and are also located on the island of Java. Interestingly, in Indonesia there is a strong correlation between agricultural land, the location of volcanoes and population distribution: Most of the country's active volcanos are located on the island of Java and it is also there where the majority of the population lives and where the agricultural soils are best. Indonesian’s agricultural and urban lands are still somewhat linked spatially. Furthermore, the agricultural sector of the economy is still strong, and around 13 percent of Indonesia's GDP pertains to the agricultural sector. Many people who live in urban regions often go back to the rural region where they come from, and the link to rural agricultural lifestyles remain strong. 
 This statistic depicts the projected base oil demand worldwide in 2015, 2020, and 2030. The projected base oil demand worldwide in 2030 is estimated to be around 931 thousand barrels per day, an increase of more than 100 thousand barrels per day from the projected demand in 2020. 
 This statistic shows data on the global revenue of sporting goods manufacturer Puma SE from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, Puma generated a global revenue of roughly 5.5 billion euros. Together with Nike and Adidas, Puma is one of the largest sporting goods manufacturers in the world. The company is headquartered in Herzogenaurach, Germany and majority-owned by the French Kering group. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Malaysia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Malaysia was at approximately 3.4 percent. Unemployment in Malaysia Malaysia’s unemployment is relatively low and stable at around three percent which means the population is experiencing close to full employment. The country reached its lowest level of unemployment in 2014, with a rate of 2.85 percent. Malaysia’s vibrant economy is considered one of the strongest in South_East Asia. Together with years of political stability, it has been supporting such a low unemployment rate and good growth rates each year. Industry has been a strong contributor to GDP and currently provides around 30 percent of employment opportunities. But even more - about 50 percent - of GDP is generated by the services sector. Given the country’s strong and growing economy, average GDP per capita is growing at increasing rates as well. However, despite these positive statistics, news reports state that the number of job seekers and those unemployed – the three percent - are generally young people, both graduates and non-graduates, who have had trouble entering the job market. Because of this, the Malaysian government is encouraging companies to open up employment opportunities specifically to young adults. The favorable economic climate should help. Yet, there have also been some complaints about underemployment and gender discrimination within the country. 
 The statistic shows the per-capita gross domestic product (GDP) of Saudi Arabia from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the per-capita GDP of Saudi-Arabia amounted to approximately 21,113.96 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the United Arab Emirates' (UAE) gross domestic product per capita from 1984 to 2024. In 2018, The estimated United Arab Emirates' GDP amounted to approximately 39,709.01 U.S. dollars per capita. 
 This statistic shows the total amount of U.S. municipal solid waste generated per person per day between 1960 and 2017. In the United States, an average of 4.51 pounds of municipal solid waste were generated daily per person in 2017. Municipal solid waste generation in the United StatesNon-hazardous waste consists of industrial waste and municipal solid waste. Industrial waste is characterized as non-hazardous materials that are generated during the production of goods. Municipal solid waste is what is more commonly known as household trash and garbage. Since the 1960s, the volume of waste generated per person has steadily increased until 2000, when per-capita waste generation seemed to level off slightly. In 1960, municipal solid waste generation per person amounted to about 2.68 pounds per day, and from 2010 to 2017, this figure had leveled out to about 4.5 pounds per day. The composition of household waste can vary widely between different municipalities. Areas with a well-developed recycling program generate mostly plastics and unrecyclable materials. In 2014, about 67.8 million tons of municipal solid waste were recovered for recycling in the United States. A large share of the municipal waste stream is derived from paper and paperboard materials, totaling about 68.1 million tons of waste in 2015. In 2015, about 31.2 million tons of packaging was recycled while 7 million tons were discarded into landfills. In the United States, the Environmental Protection Agency encourages waste prevention, recycling, and composting to reduce the volume of waste produced. Recycling and composting diverts a significant amount of waste away from landfills every year. 
 There were 182 Home Depot stores across Canada in 2018. Ontario was home to 88, the most stores by far. Alberta and British Columbia were ranked in second and third places, with 27 and 26 stores located in each province respectively. Home Depot origins Home Depot, the American home improvement retailer, was founded in 1978. The company’s original aim was to build retail superstores larger than any of their competitors and the first two stores were opened in Atlanta, Georgia in the next year. In 1981, the retailer branched out of Georgia and began to open more stores in different states and later entered neighboring markets. By 2018, Home Depot operated almost 2,300 big-box home improvement stores across the whole of North America and Mexico. The Canadian home improvement marketCanadian home improvement industry sales have witnessed steady year-on-year growth, reaching around 47.5 billion Canadian dollars in 2017. When it comes to retailers, Home Depot is the industry leader in terms of annual sales. In 2017, Home Depot brought in approximately 8.2 billion Canadian dollars of sales. Lowe’s Canada and Home Hardware Stores follow in second and third places, with sales of 7.2 and 6.4 billion Canadian dollars respectively in that year. 
 This statistic depicts the recommended retail price (RRP) of a typical pack of 20 cigarettes in the most popular price category in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2005 to 2017. The price of cigarettes has substantially increased each year since 2000. In 2015, the recommended retail price of a 20 pack of cigarettes was 9.16 British pounds. As of 2017, the most expensive country in which to purchase cigarettes in Europe was the United Kingdom. Cigarette prices across Europe are driven by the respective taxes imposed within each of the member states and consist of a specific duty per 1,000 cigarettes and an ad valorem rate onto the recommended retail price, in addition to value added tax (VAT). Thus the highest rates of taxation are reflected in the retail prices. Similar rates of taxation between countries are also found for hand rolling tobacco, where the highest levels of taxation are found in the United Kingdom once again. Governments that impose such strong barriers to the purchasing of tobacco are considered 'nanny states', with high levels of control on other factors, such as advertising, bans of tobacco products on retail displays and graphic warnings on cigarette packs. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Portugal from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate increased in Portugal by about 1.17 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Cleveland Browns of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to 2.2 billion U.S. dollars. The Cleveland Browns are owned by Dee and Jimmy Haslam. 
 The statistic displays the minimum threshold of wealth owned by the population in selected European countries in order to be selected into the richest one percent as of 2014. For instance, in Luxembourg, the top richest one percent of the population started at 2.7 million euros in 2014. In comparison, in Spain the cut-off point was at 227.7 thousand euros in the same year. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Miami Heat franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 294 million U.S. dollars. Miami Heat The Miami Heat is a professional basketball team of the National Basketball Association (NBA). The franchise, which joined the league in 1988 as an expansion franchise, has won three league championships, most recently in 2013. The Heat play their home games at the American Airlines Arena, which has a capacity of more than 19 thousand for basketball games. Forbes ranked the Miami Heat as the seventh-most-valuable franchise in the NBA in 2014 with a total value of 770 million U.S. dollars. The teams ranked ahead of the Heat were the New York Knicks, the Los Angeles Lakers, the Chicago Bulls, the Boston Celtics, the Brooklyn Nets and the Houston Rockets. Compared to the previous year, when the Heat were valued at 625 million U.S. dollars by Forbes, the franchise value of the Miami Heat increased by about 23 percent. In the 2012/13 season the Miami Heat generated 188 million U.S. dollars in revenue. During the 2012/13 regular season, Miami Heat games were attended by an average crowd of 19,982; a total attendance of 819 thousand. The average ticket price for Miami Heat games was at 78.3 U.S. dollars in 2013/14 according to the Fan Cost Index of Team Marketing Report. The league-wide average ticket price was at 52.5 U.S. dollars during that season. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Atlanta Falcons games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 104.08 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Nigeria from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Nigeria's gross domestic product amounted to around 398.19 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The table shows the per capita consumption of chewing gum in selected countries worldwide from 2009 to 2012. In 2010, the United States' index value of per capita consumption of chewing gum amounted to 152.Chewing gum marketChewing gum belongs to the snack and confectionery segment and is the smallest category besides chocolate and sugary products. Chewing gum has a chewy, easily formable texture and usually has – besides some exceptions – a sweet taste. A broad variety of different functions can be fulfilled by chewing gum. Here are a few examples: Dental care gums have been designed to neutralize harmful acids in your mouth when you are on the go and are unable to brush your teeth. They are usually sugar-free and contain minerals to support the construction and maintenance of teeth.Bubble gum is very elastic and has been developed to make extra large bubbles.Nicotine chewing gums are used to reduce or help consumer to quit smoking as they contain an amount of nicotine.In 2011, the American confectionery market counted about 150 new gum product launches. The regular gum market in the United States is dominated by the William Wrigley Junior Company. In 2013, the leading five regular gum brands were owned by Chicago-based Wrigley’s. The best-selling gum brand was Wrigley’s Double Mint, accounting for sales of roughly 110 million U.S. dollars. Wrigley’s Juicy Fruit and Wrigley’s Spearmint rounded off the leading U.S. regular gum brands.According to the German Chewing Gum Association, the per capita consumption of chewing gum was the highest in the United States with an index value of 152 in 2012. Germany was used as the underlying base index with an index value of 100. Thus, the per capita consumption of chewing gum was 52 index points higher in the United States than in Germany in 2012.More information on the chewing gum industry. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Finland from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Finland amounted to about 1.17 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic depicts the operating profit of the H&M Group worldwide from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the global operating profit of the H&M Group was about 1.8 billion U.S. dollars.H&MH&M is a leading global fashion company with strong values and a clear business concept. H&M constantly strives to have the best customer offering in each individual market – which includes giving customers the best price. Through multiple brands and concepts H&M offers a broad and varied range of inspiring fashion that lets customers explore and develop their own personal style. H&M has collections for women, men, teenagers and children. Their range also includes sportswear, underwear, shoes, accessories and cosmetics, as well as home textiles and decorations from H&M Home.Germany is H&M's largest market. In 2019, 3.5 billion U.S. dollars were generated from that country alone. The company operates over 5,000 stores worldwide and employs over 120,000 people. H&M was considered to be the fourth most valuable apparel brand in the world; behind Nike, ZARA and adidas as of 2019. H&M aims to be the more sustainable choice for today’s increasingly aware customers. To this end, H&M’s investments in social improvements and reduced environmental impact extend throughout the product life cycle – from responsible use of natural resources to ensuring good working conditions at suppliers’ factories. Sustainability work is thoroughly integrated into the business, not only because it is an investment in the customer offering, but also because it is vital to the group’s long-term growth and development. 
 This statistic presents the global B2B e-commerce gross merchandise volume (GMV) from 2013 to 2017. In 2017, the gross merchandise volume of business-to-business e-commerce transactions is projected to amount to 7.66 trillion U.S. dollars, up from 5.83 trillion U.S. dollars in 2013. For more information, check out our recent publication Statista Report 2017 - B2B e-Commerce. 
 This statistic displays a forecast of the paper end-use market output in the United States from 2020 to 2024. Through 2024, the paper end-use market output is expected to increase by 0.3 percent. U.S. paper market It is expected that the paper end-use market output will experience a decreasing rate of 1.3 percent from 2019 to 2020. The industry has been heavily criticized due to its unsustainable deforestation of old-growth forests and illegal practices in some regions, most notably in the Amazon Rainforest. Growth in the industry has also quickly expanded in countries like China and Russia where low wages and a lack of environmental consideration are common. China and the United States produce, by far, the world’s greatest volumes of paper and cardboard, reaching nearly 116 million metric tons and 72 million metric tons, respectively, in 2017. One of the largest companies in the world in the forest, paper, and packaging industry is International Paper, an American company with its headquarters in New York. International Paper was founded in 1898 when 18 pulp and paper mills in northeastern United States were merged. The company generated 21.7 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2017. Its most common products are plastic lids and paper cups, which fuel many large fast food chains such as McDonald’s. The industry in the United States as a whole garnered some 100 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2015. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Egypt from 1984 to 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Egypt's gross domestic product amounted to around 249.56 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The graph depicts the average price for jet boats in the U.S. from 2000 to 2013. In 2010, jet boats sold for an average price of 32,752 U.S. dollars, a price increase of 10 percent compared to 2009. More statistics and facts on recreational boating
 This statistic highlights the trend in advertising and promotion expenditure of the LVMH Group worldwide from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, LVMH Group's global ad spend amounted to about 6.3 billion euros. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of Turkey from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. The data relate to the entire Turkish state and include government debt and the debt of the provinces, municipalities, communes as well as social security. In 2018, Turkey's national debt amounted to around 30.17 percent of the GDP. Turkey's economic situation Based on the current state of its economy, Turkey is defined as an emerging market and one of the newly industrialized countries in the world. Turkey is identified as one of the members of the G-20 major economies and is also a member of the EU Customs Union, allowing for custom-free trade amongst all member states. Like every other country's economy, Turkey’s economy is primarily made up of three different sectors; agriculture, industry and services. Over the past decade, Turkey has shifted more focus to its services sector, most notably tourism, communications and transport, while slightly decreasing its dependency on the agricultural and industrial aspects. While many other countries have struggled to recover from the 2008 global financial crisis as well as the Eurozone crisis, the Turkish economy returned to its pre-crisis form in several years and has since seen exponential economic growth and higher productivity and efficiency, more than double the amount compared to a decade prior. With regards to total GDP, government spending within the country has remained relatively low and has remained stable over the past decade, in comparison to developed EU countries, which may be spending more than they can afford. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Mexico from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Mexico was at about 11 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Trinidad and Tobago from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Trinidad and Tobago amounted to about 1.02 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Georgia from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 14.3 percent of Georgia's population lived below the poverty line. 
 The statistic shows the total number of actual and attempted piracy attacks in Indonesian territorial waters from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, there were 25 actual and attempted piracy attacks in Indonesia. Piracy attacks in Indonesia Piracy attacks in Indonesian waters spiked in 2015, when 108 incidents were reported. One of the most obvious reasons why Southeast Asia’s largest economy has come under threat from maritime crime is the region’s abundance in natural gas and petroleum resources: In 2018, Indonesia was ranked among the world’s largest exporting countries of liquefied natural gas.Moreover, Indonesia’s other main export categories include electronic equipment, electrical appliances and garments. The merchant ships that carry these commodities and consumer goods may need to navigate through one of the world’s narrowest chokepoints: the Strait of Malacca. Predominantly a strategic passage for petroleum and natural gas transport, this trade route is also frequented by ocean freight haulers moving goods from the Persian Gulf to Japan, South Korea and China. As a result, the sea around the archipelago has become a prime target for armed robbery at sea, and recently the pirates have become increasingly successful in outsmarting naval forces by expanding their hunting grounds and moving towards open waters in the east or the along Sumatra’s fragmented coastline in the south. Due to the pirates’ good organization and versatility, incidents of maritime crime off the Indonesian coast increased sevenfold from 2009 to 2013. The surge in pirate attacks may trigger increased presence by the military forces of affected nations. After all, the costs of piracy inevitably result in higher insurance costs faced by forwarders, rising fuel costs due to higher speed in order to escape the criminals, ransom sums, as well as the growing outlays in wages and salary that need to be paid to armed personnel on ships. 
 This statistic displays the number of deaths from paracetamol drug poisoning in England and Wales from 1993 to 2018. Since 1997 there has been a decrease in the number of deaths caused by paracetamol. In 2017, 218 deaths were recorded. 
 The statistic shows the size of the global flash memory market, from 2013 to 2021. In 2017, the flash memory market is expected to be worth 51.67 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. 
 This statistic depicts the global revenue of Estée Lauder from 2013 to 2024. For 2018, it is forecasted that the Estée Lauder Companies global revenue will amount to USD 14.24 billion. Estée Lauder Companies is headquartered in Midtown Manhattan, New York City and was founded in 1946 by Joseph Lauder and his wife Estée Lauder. The company is a manufacturer and marketer of prestige skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products. 
 In 2018, the median age of the population of the United States was 38.2 years. While this may seem quite young, the median age in 1960 was even younger, at 29.5 years. The aging population The year 2035 is expected to be a turning point for the population of the United States. This is the year that demographers expect there to be more adults over the age of 65 than children. Additionally, in the year 2060, there are expected to be about 604,000 people aged 100 and over in the U.S. This figure was around 72,000 in 2015. The aging population in the United States means that society is going to have to find a way to adapt to the larger numbers of older people. Everything from Social Security to employment to the age of retirement will have to change if the population is expected to age more while having fewer children. The world is getting older It’s not only the United States that is facing this particular demographic dilemma. In 1950, the global median age was 23.6 years. This number is projected to increase to 41.6 years by the year 2100. This means that not only the U.S., but the rest of the world will also have to find ways to adapt to the aging population. 
 This statistic gives information on the global IP data traffic from 2016 to 2021. In 2017, global IP data traffic is expected to amount to 121,694 petabytes per month. In 2021, IP data traffic worldwide is expected to reach 278,108 petabytes per month. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of the United States from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of the United States was at around 104.26 percent of the gross domestic product. See the US GDP for further information. US finances There has been a dramatic increase in the public debt of the United States since 1990, although the month-to-month change has been quite stable over the last few months. Public debt is defined as the amount of money borrowed by a country to cover budget deficits. A ranking of individual state debt in the United States shows that California is leading by a clear margin, with more than double the amount of runner-up New York. Vermont, North Dakota and South Dakota are the states with the lowest amount of debt. Even before the recession of 2008, the national debt of the United States had been increasing steadily and excessively, and it is predicted to rise even further. Budget cuts and fewer job opportunities as a result of the crisis are taking their toll on the American economy, which is still recovering. Trade figures as well as unemployment are still below average. Subsequently, the national debt and the national debt of the United States per capita have more or less quadrupled since the 1990s. Interestingly, the United States is not even among the top ten of countries with the highest public debt in relation to gross domestic product in international comparison. Japan, Greece and Italy – among others – report far higher figures than the United States. 
 The number of hospitals in Germany has been decreasing every year, amounting to 1,942 in 2017. In comparison, there were 2,242 hospitals in 2000. The number of hospital beds has been dropping also, from 571,600 in 2000 to 497,200 recorded in 2017. Hospital reform While there can be many reasons for a hospital closing, in Germany most of them have to do with the so-called ongoing hospital reform (Krankenhausreform) or the hospital structure law (Krankenhausstrukturgesetz). A summary of explanations from the government involves falling rural inhabitant numbers, which may lead to rural hospitals closing, and an aging population in general, therefore making it a necessity to check hospitals for being up-to-date in terms of equipment, staff and availability. Future remains to be seen On a positive note, statutory health insurance spending on hospital treatments in Germany has been increasing during the last decade, covering almost 75 million euros in 2017. The long-term effects of the hospital reform remain to be seen, as opening a new hospital after a closing, deciding on locations in rural areas, refurbishing working hospitals and hiring staff takes time and resources. 
 This statistic shows the size of the sports industry market in China from 2013 to 2025. In 2013, the size of China sports industry market amounted to just over 56 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2017, the number of divorces in France was of 90,613. France had a divorce rate of 51.2 per 100 marriages in 2014. A number which was not one of the highest in Europe but that emphasizes the fact that in recent years, divorce is a phenomenon with a significant impact on Western countries. The characteristics of French divorces Despite a record number of 152,020 separations in 2005, the number of divorces in France remained stable since the mid-2000s and has also been declining by a rate of 8 percent between 2004 and 2014. Since then, the number of divorces remained almost the same in the country, even though an decrease has been seen between 2016 and 2017. In 2017, the majority of divorces in France were pronounced by mutual consent. Most of divorces pronounced in France concerned marriages which lasted between 4 years and 7 years. Unions in France The number of marriages in France is decreasing since 2004 reaching 235,000 in 2018, compared to 265,404 ten years before. Same-sex marriage was legalized in France since 2013, but civil partnerships are the type of unions that increased in recent years. More than 205,000 civil partnerships were contracted in 2010 in France. Implemented in 1999, civil unions in France are established between two individuals regardless of gender. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Bangladesh between 1984 and 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the estimated GDP per capita in Bangladesh amounted to around 1,749.33 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the average price of lanthanum oxide globally from 2009 to 2025. It is expected that the price of lanthanum oxide will reach some 7,810 U.S. dollars per metric ton in 2017. There are 17 rare earth elements and although, they may be fairly abundant in the Earth's crust, often they occur at sparse intervals are are less economically exploitable. 
 As of June 2019, 138 thousand Italians were living in London. Between 2015 and 2017, the number of Italian citizens who lived in London constantly increased. However, in 2018 and in 2019 the Italian population of London experienced a decrease. The United Kingdom hosts one of the largest Italian populations living abroad. In 2018, 350.6 thousand Italians lived in the UK. 
 This statistic depicts the total number of Red Bull employees worldwide from 2011 to 2018. According to the report, Red Bull had employed approximately 12,239 people in 171 countries at the end of 2018. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in South Africa from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in South Africa was around 27.32 percent. 
 Between 2012 and 2013 the global revenue of Birkenstock & Co. increased from 14.11 billion euros to 14.53 billion euros. Birkenstock & Co. Birkenstock & Co. is a shoe manufacturer founded and based in Germany which is known for producing comfortable and high-quality sandals for men, women, and children. Their product line also includes sneakers, boots, and clogs. Birkenstock’s footwear was held in high esteem by many American consumers who had recently purchased athletic footwear or apparel, according to a 2014 survey. Footwear in the United States The United States is home to the largest footwear market worldwide, generating revenue of around 83.78 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. According to a 2016 report, the athletic brand Nike controlled a 17.9 percent share of the U.S. footwear market, making it the leading footwear brand in the United States by a large margin. To put this figure in perspective, the second leading U.S. footwear brand in that year was Sketchers with a 3.5 percent share of the market. 
 This graph shows the annual change in exports of trade goods and services from the United States from 1990 to 2018, with a forecast up to 2024. In 2018, U.S. exports of goods and services grew by around 3.94 percent compared to 2017. 
 This statistic represents the worldwide production of crude steel between 2012 and 2019. In 2019, a total of around 1.87 billion metric tons of crude steel was produced worldwide. Steel is an alloy made by combining iron and other elements. 
 This statistic gives information on eBay's total gross merchandise volume from 2007 to 2019. In the most recently reported fiscal year, the auction site's gross merchandising volume (GMV) amounted 90.21 billion U.S. dollars, down from 94.58 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding year. The majority of GMV was generated via the company's Marketplace segment. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New York Knicks games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 70.51 U.S. dollars. With an average price of more than 120 U.S. dollars, tickets for New York Knicks games are the most expensive in the league. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Qatar from 2014 to 2024*. In 2018, Qatar's real gross domestic product increased by around 1.49 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the total revenue generated worldwide from sports merchandising rights from 2006 to 2010 and corresponding revenue forecasts for the years 2011 to 2015. In 2006, total revenues from merchandising were 19.43 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic above presents data on annual advertising revenues in U.S. broadcast TV from 2004 to 2013. In 2013, advertising generated a total of 47.88 billion U.S. dollars, down from 49.71 a year earlier. Broadcast TV advertising - additional information In 2013 television remained the primary source of media consumption in the United States and thus, advertisement expenditure for television remained high. Television consumption accounted for 38 percent of time spent on media per day in the United States in 2013 and 45 percent of media advertising was dedicated to TV broadcasts. The majority of TV ads in the United States from 2000 to 2013 were 30 seconds long. In 2013, 30 second TV ads totaled 53 percent of the advertisement share.The global TV industry revenue can be distributed between three main categories. In North America, revenue generated by the television industry in 2012 was broken down as follows; one percent from public funding, 38 percent from advertising revenue, and 61 percent from pay TV revenues. Global TV advertisement expenditure in 2013 reached 164.4 billion U.S. dollars. This figure is expected to rise steadily in the future with a forecast of 214.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 which suggest that advertisers have faith in the longevity and power or broadcast television. 
 This statistic displays the number of car sharing vehicles in selected countries in Europe in 2014. Germany had by far the highest number of vehicles owned by car sharing companies, followed by France and the United Kingdom. In France there were 3,900 car sharing vehicles in 2014 and in the United Kingdom 3,000 in the same year. In the Netherlands there were 2,300 car sharing vehicles in 2014. The countries in this statistic amount to a combined number of 30,920 car sharing vehicles in Europe in 2014.While countries like France, the United Kingdom, Switzerland and the Netherlands are not as strong as Germany when it comes to car sharing, they still offer a few thousand car sharing vehicles, while countries like Spain, Norway and Denmark don´t even reach a thousand car sharing vehicles. In 2014 there were 300 car sharing vehicles in Spain, 320 car sharing vehicles in Norway and 330 car sharing vehicles in Denmark. In 2014, the number of car sharing vehicles in Spain only amounted to approximately 2.3 percent of the German based car sharing vehicle market. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Norway from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Norwegian population was 39.2 years. 
 The statistic shows the number of homicides by firearm in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, about 11,006 homicides in the United States were committed by firearm. 
 The statistic depicts the attendance at NCAA college basketball tournament games from 2000 to 2018. In 2010, the 65 games were attended by a total of 703,000 paying spectators. In recent times, although game attendance has been increasing, viewership has been slightly decreasing. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Tanzania from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Tanzania was at approximately 1.91 percent. 
 This statistic represents the price of Japanese natural gas from 2013 through 2018 and gives forecasts for up to 2030. In 2018, Japanese natural gas cost approximately 10.7 US dollars per million British thermal units. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in South Korea from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 81.46 percent of South Korea's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 Between 2000 and 2018, the average wage in Italy was stable, remaining between 29 thousand and 30 thousand euros. In 2018, male managers represented the group of people with the highest earnings. Their gross salary amounted to 102 thousand euros a year. The annual salary of women occupying the same position was equal to 94 thousand euros. Wages in the different sectors Among the different sectors, employees working in financial and banking services had the largest wages. For instance, according to data provided by JobPricing, people in this industry earned on average 42.3 thousand euros a year. On the other hand, the lowest salaries in Italy were those of people working in hotels, bars, and restaurants. Their annual gross wage equaled to about 23.7 thousand euros. Gender pay gap In 2017, compared to men, women earned on average 14.84 euros less per hour in Italy. However, the gender pay gap differed from sector to sector. For instance, in the banking and financial services, the salary of women was equal to 38 thousand euros a year. On the other hand, the annual wage of men added up to 46 thousand euros. Similarly, the annual salary of employees working in the insurance industry was of roughly 6.6 thousand euros higher for men than for women. However, the gender pay gap in other fields was much lower. For example, in the agricultural sector women and men both earned on average 24 thousand euros, with a difference of roughly 200 euros in favor of men. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Sweden from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Sweden's real gross domestic product grew by around 2.32 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic displays the demographic distribution of customers at Debenhams in the United Kingdom as of 2015. According to the annual report, 35 percent of Debenhams customers were classed under the demographic group AB (middle class and upper middle class). This group represented the second largest customer group behind C1 (lower middle class).Debenhams is a British retailer selling clothing, furniture and other household items in a department store format. The brand owns and operates stores in the UK, Ireland and Denmark as well as franchises in other international locations. Debenhams is a department store which was originally founded in 1778, one of the longest going department stores in the United Kingdom with a total of 165 stores located there. The brand also operates under the name Magasin du Nord in Denmark, as well as having a subsidiary in Ireland. The most sought after products in Debenhams stores are their beauty products, which take in a total of 25 percent of their sales. Womenswear is second with a sales share of 16 percent. 
 This statistic shows the global number of car sharing users from 2006 to 2015, and a forecast for 2025. The term car sharing stands for the organized communal use of one or more cars. In 2015, there were roughly 7 million car sharing users worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in New Zealand from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the New Zealand population was 37.3 years. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the Philippines from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2017, the GDP per capita in the Philippines amounted to around 2,989.13 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Morocco from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the inflation rate in Morocco amounted to about 1.85 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Malawi from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Malawi amounted to about 9.22 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the passenger traffic at Tokyo Airport (HND) between 2000 and 2018. In 2018, passenger traffic at Haneda Airport in Tokyo increased to approximately 87 million passengers from about 85 million passengers boarding or exiting planes in the previous year, making it the world's fifth largest airport in terms of passenger traffic. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Toronto Blue Jays from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 265 million U.S. dollars.The Toronto Blue Jays are owned by Rogers Communications, who bought the franchise for 137 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in the Netherlands between 1950 and 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Netherlands's population was 42.1 years. 
 This statistic shows the total inventory of laying hens in the U.S. from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the number of all laying hens in the United States came to over 391.3 million. 
 This statistic shows the average time individuals spent watching television per day in France from 2005 to 2018. The data refers to television owners in metropolitan France aged four years and older. In 2018, the average daily television viewing time in France came to three hours and 36 minutes, six minute less than one year earlier and a continuous slight decrease since 2015. Viewing time was highest in 2012 at three hours and 50 minutes. Overall, throughout the period under consideration, the average daily time French viewers spent in front of their television set increased by nearly 20 minutes. In Europe, Romanians were the TV viewers who spent the most time in front of their television in 2016 and 2017, whereas French-speaking Swiss only watched television for 144 minutes per day, the shortest time in Europe these years. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Germany from 2010 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. The figures refer to the whole country and include the debts of the state, the communities, the municipalities and the social insurances. In 2018, the national debt of Germany amounted to approximately 60 percent of the GDP. 
 According to U.S. Census data, the advertising and public relations industry saw slightly increasing revenues in since 2016. At approximately 1118 billion U.S. dollars, the industry reached a record high in 2018. The significant drops in earnings in 2004 and 2009 can be tied to the general economic situation in the country at that time. The advertising industry in the United States The entire advertising and public relations sector in the U.S. reportedly spent around 72 billion U.S dollars in 2017. The industry, which is part of the NAICS structure under the code 5418, consists of smaller segments such as advertising agencies, PR agencies, media buying agencies, media representatives, outdoor advertising, direct mail advertising and advertising material distribution, with additional unclassified establishments falling under other related services. In 2017, Census results indicated that there were close to 38 thousand businesses categorized under this industry description, with the majority operating within advertising agency sector. Given their sheer numbers it comes as no surprise that the advertising agencies perform better in terms of payroll compared to other sub-sectors. Public relations agencies ranked second, with a combined payroll amounting to 5.4 billion U.S dollars in the 2017 Census. 
 The statistic shows dishwasher unit shipments in the United States from 2005 to 2017 and forecasts up to and including 2019. In 2018, unit shipments of dishwashers in the United States are forecast to reach 8.34 million units. 
 This statistic shows the total number of individuals employed by UnitedHealth Group from 2010 to 2018. The UnitedHealth Group is a health care company headquartered in Minnetonka, Minnesota. The total number of employees employed by the UnitedHealth Group, as of December 31, 2018, was about 300,000 individuals worldwide. 
 The graph shows the population share aged 60 and older in China from 1950 to 2010, with a forecast up until 2100. In 1980, about 7.5 percent of the population in China had been 60 years and over. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cleveland Browns games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 73.91 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the total volume of Scotch whisky produced per annum from 2000 to 2015. The largest volume of Scotch whisky produced was in 2008 with a total production of 524 million litres of whisky. Since then the total volume of whisky produced has declined. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Sri Lanka from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 18.48 percent of Sri Lanka's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New York Giants games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 115.31 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, the District of Columbia had the highest reported violent crime rate in the United States, with 995.9 violent crimes per 100,000 of the population. Maine had the lowest reported violent crime rate, with 112.1 offenses per 100,000 of the population. Life in the District The District of Columbia has seen a fluctuating population over the past few decades. Its population decreased throughout the 1990s, when its crime rate was at its peak, but has been steadily recovering since then. While unemployment in the District has also been falling, it still has an extremely high poverty rate. The gentrification of certain areas within Washington, D.C. over the past few years has made the contrast between rich and poor even greater and is also pushing crime out into the Maryland and Virginia suburbs around the District. Law enforcement in the U.S. Crime in the U.S. is trending downwards compared to years past, despite Americans feeling that crime is a problem in their country. The number of full-time law enforcement officers in the U.S. is also down from 2008, who in keeping with the lower rate of crime, have also made fewer arrests than in years past. 
 The statistic shows the forecast number of mobile devices worldwide from 2019 to 2023. The number of mobile devices is forecast to grow to 16.8 billion in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the mine production of cobalt in the Democratic Republic of Congo from 2008 to 2019, in metric tons. In 2019, mine production of cobalt in DR Congo totaled some 100,000 metric tons. Recently, worldwide production of cobalt has exceed consumption which has decreased prices for the mineral. DR Congo is the world's largest producer of cobalt from mines. 
 This graph shows the defense expenditures of the United States per capita from 1995 to 2019. In 2019, it is estimated that around 2,072 U.S. dollars per capita were spent on military causes by the United States. A ranking of countries with the highest military expenditures can be accessed here. 
 The statistic depicts the number of vice-championships at soccer World Cups since 1930 by country. Germany has been runners-up four times. 
 This graph depicts the total volume of revenue created from sports sponsorship worldwide from 2006 to 2010 and revenue forecasts for the years 2011 to 2015. In 2009, total revenues of 31.47 billion U.S. dollars were generated through sports sponsorships. 
 Kieskeurig.nl was the most well-known price comparison website in the Netherlands, according to a survey from 2017 (the only one held in the country about this topic). 84 percent of Dutch consumers knew the website for retail prices and product reviews. The insurance comparison website Independer.nl was also a familiar name. Noticeable, however, is the low familiarity among Dutch consumers of relatively big websites, such as HoyHoy and Easyswitch. According to the source this has to do with a certain distrust: are these websites actually independent and are they offering the best deal possible? This potential distrust in online companies is not uncommon in the Netherlands and can also be seen, for example, in the level of (dis)trust the Dutch have towards social media. Dutch online shoppers: all about the money Despite this skepticism towards the independence of price comparison websites, Dutch consumers did believe price to be the most deciding factor when buying products online in 2018. They even valued it over free delivery or the name of a specific brand. Delivery speed, specifically same-day delivery, was also not a priority. This is because an Amazon Prime model does not yet exist on a large scale in the Netherlands, unlike other countries in Europe. Amazon (and Amazon Prime) is available in the Netherlands but only have a small market share compared to domestic companies as the e-commerce giant only sells books through a partially translated part of Amazon.de. In early 2020, however, Amazon will launch a full Dutch website. Made in the Netherlands or made in China? A preference for low prices and a willingness to accept a longer delivery speed might explain why the Dutch tend to buy their products from China. Slightly more than one third of the population in the Netherlands had bought something from a Chinese web shop as of 2018. Indeed, the AliExpress app was the second most-used e-commerce app in the Netherlands at the end of 2018. 
 This statistic shows the rate of identity theft in Canada from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, there were 10.11 incidents of identity theft per 100,000 residents in Canada. 
 This statistic shows the average street price per gram of cocaine sold in selected Latin American countries in 2016, measured in U.S. dollars. In that year, Cuba registered the highest selling price of cocaine in Latin America, averaging at 56.7 U.S. dollars per gram. The lowest average street price of cocaine was found in Colombia and Bolivia, with 3.5 U.S. dollars per gram. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Dodgers games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 42.62 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the world production volume of milled rice in crop years 2008/2009 to 2018/2019. In crop year 2008/2009, the milled rice production volume amounted to approximately 448.2 million tons worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Greece from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in Greece was at around 218.23 billion U.S. dollars. See global GDP for comparison. 
 Sobeys Inc., the Canadian food retailer, operated 1,415 stores under various banners in Canada as of December 2019. The self-titled Sobeys retail stores were most widespread, with 255 locations in that year. Foodland and IGA ranked in second and third places, with 217 and 194 stores nationwide respectively. Sobeys’ origins The company was founded in Stellarton, Nova Scotia by John Sobey as a meat delivery business in 1907. By 1924, their product range had expanded to a full line of groceries. In 1947, Frank Sobey opened the first Sobeys supermarket in Atlantic Canada. Sobeys continued to expand throughout the Atlantic provinces in the 50s and 60s, and in 1987 opened their first store outside of Atlantic Canada in Ontario. Since then the retailer has acquired many brands and successfully grown into one of Canada’s biggest food retailers. Their revenue reached around 24.2 billion Canadian dollars in 2018. Competition in the food retail market Loblaw Cos Ltd. was the market leader in the Canadian food market in 2018 according to grocery sales value, making them Sobeys’ biggest competitor. Loblaw’s grocery sales reached approximately 32.47 billion Canadian dollars in that year, around eight billion more than second placed Sobeys Inc. Since 2013, Loblaws’ food retail store sales have continued to grow year-on-year, securing their top position in the Canadian grocery market. 
 This statistic illustrates the reported gold consumption in the United States from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, some 150 metric tons of gold were consumed in the United States. Gold consumption in the U.S. In 2019, the United States reportedly consumed 150 metric tons of gold. Around 170 metric tons of gold were imported into the United States for consumption with most of this coming from Mexico – more than 40 percent. Other major countries as a source of imports into the U.S. included Canada, Colombia and Peru. Interestingly, the United States recycled some 130 metric tons of new and old scrap gold in 2018 – almost as high as the reported consumption. However, the U.S. is not the largest gold consumer in the world. China, India and Europe are the top gold consumers globally. Gold is one of the most precious and coveted elements on Earth. It is relatively rare, which contributes greatly to the element’s value. Demand for gold has increased constantly over the last decade. This, on the other hand, has influenced the price of gold on the global market and the price of gold is an important marker for the global economy. With approximately 8,100 metric tons, the United States is the largest gold holding country worldwide. Global gold reserves are estimated to be around 56 thousand metric tons. Australia, South Africa and Russia are the countries with the largest reserves. The world’s leading producer of gold is China, followed by Australia, Russia, and the United States. 
 This statistic shows Estée Lauder's share of the skin care products market worldwide from 2012 to 2024. In 2017, Estée Lauder's share of the global skin care products market is estimated to be 7.8 percent. The company is a manufacturer and marketer of prestige skin care, makeup, fragrance and hair care products, with global net sales of over 11.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Bangladesh from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Bangladesh's real gross domestic product grew by around 7.93 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the approximate number of undergraduate enrollments in universities across the United States from the academic year 2008/09 to 2018/19. In 2018/19, around 21.9 million students enrolled for undergraduate degrees in the U.S. 
 This timeline presents information on the value of the gamification market worldwide in 2016 and 2021. According to the calculations, the gamification market is expected to grow from 4.91 billion U.S. dollars in 2016 to nearly 12 billion in 2021. 
 When are consumers more likely to their Christmas shopping in the UK, September 2013. The majority of the consumers in the UK plan to do their Christmas shopping in November. One in four had already bought presents while 2 percent of the consumers planed to go shopping in December or the week before Christmas. With changes in technology, this has lead the way for people to shop differently. Now, more people are Christmas shopping online than ever before, with 42 percent of people now stating that they do some shopping online. The mobile device is a key tool for Christmas shopping now, with toy and beauty products being more sought after, where as books and e-books have dipped in sales. Many people have decided to use this technology for Christmas shopping mainly due to the amount of people who want to shop in store. 67.75 percent of people say the crowds of people put them off, and another 12 percent feel that the bags are too heavy to carry when doing a full Christmas shop. 
 The timeline presents the League of Legends World Championships prize pool from 2012 to 2019. In 2019, the LoL World Championship, which took place in various cities across France, Germany, and Spain, had a prize pool of 2.23 million U.S. dollars, down from 6.45 million a year earlier. 
 In 2017, BNP Paribas employed 196,000 people. This number was below 90,000 in 2003 but rose, peaking at 205,000 in 2010. BNP Paribas is headquartered in France, Paris but has operations around the globe. More about BNP Paribas BNP Paribas is one of the leading banks in the European market in terms of tier 1 capital. This measure of capital describes the core strength of a bank, indicating that the bank should respond will to shocks to the financial system. It is also the leading bank in France in terms of market capitalization. Why is number of employees important? The number of employees at a company can serve as a proxy for the physical size of its operations. While ATMs and internet interfaces have reduced the need for personal interaction with customers, banks still need analysts, financial planners, accountants, and lawyers. As such, comparing the workforce of BNP Paribas to other leading banks can give an idea as to the extent of its global activities. 
 This statistic shows the total global cropland area, in a projection from 2010 to 2025. In 2015, the total global cropland area is expected to be 881.65 million hectares. Cropland area Over the years humans converted grasslands to cropland areas, this allows food for humans. It is obvious that the rising number of people living on earth forces us to cultivate crops that need not to be replanted after each harvest, such as cocoa and coffee. The cocoa bean is used as the base for chocolate and many other chocolate products. The global cocoa production grew steadily from around 1.67 million tons during crop year 1980 and 1981 up to 4.3 million tons of produced cocoa in crop year 2010 and 2011. Chocolate made in Switzerland is famous all over the world and the Swiss population leads the ranking of the per capita consumption of chocolate products. In 2011, 10.55 kilogram of chocolate products were consumed by Swiss people, based on average. The worldwide coffee production has also increased from 103.91 million bags in 2003 to 145.78 million produced bags in 2013. Fair trade coffee is becoming increasingly popular in the United States. The United States imported more than 163.01 million pounds of fair trade coffee in year 2012. The imports have been growing rapidly since 1999. In contrast to that, only 2.05 million pounds of fair trade coffee were imported in year 1999. The brewed beverage made of roasted coffee beans is an evergreen in most peoples’ morning routine. The Netherlands is the top leading coffee consumer country in 2013 with an average per capita consumption of 2.41 cups per day. 
 This statistic shows the total population of The Hague from 2009 to 2019. In the course of this ten-year period, the population of the municipality The Hague increased by over 55,000 inhabitants. In 2009, The Hague had almost 482,000 inhabitants. By 2019, the number of inhabitants had increased to roughly 538,000. 
 This graph shows the American Customer Satisfaction Index (ACSI) score of customer satisfaction with the search engine Google from 2002 to 2019. In the most recently reported period, the customer satisfaction score of the online search provider was 79 / 100 index points. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration rate in Indonesia from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 32 percent of the Indonesian population were using the internet. In 2023, this figure is projected to grow to 54 percent. 
 The statistic shows the take-up of video on demand on the TV in selected countries as of October 2015. In the United States, 38 percent of respondents stated they used video-on-demand services. By contrast, only nine percent of respondents in Spain stated that they use similar services. Online video consumption in the United States - additional information Demand for a more personalized experience for users and the increased usage of smartphones, tablets, and other devices are raising expectations for the video on demand industry. Video on demand markets are merging in order to obtain higher market visibility. A wide range of services such as internet, broadcasting, and television programs are available for industry users. Prominence in education, research, conference, and of course, entertainment industries allow the video on demand market to reach a broad audience. In the United States, free on demand videos dominated with 62.6 percent of time spent on these types of videos in 2016. The share of consumers in the United States who have a subscription to an on-demand video service has increased from 51 percent in 2016 to 58 percent in 2017. 
 This statistic presents the British Army mortality rates per 100,000 personnel from 2006 to 2018. 2007 and 2009 gave rise to the most army deaths, at 127 each per 100,000 personnel. 
 The statistic depicts the smartphone user penetration rate in North America, as percentage of the total population, from 2011 to 2018. The smartphone penetration rate is forecast to reach 64 percent by 2017. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Colombia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Colombia was at approximately 9.19 percent. 
 This statistic shows the number of internet users in Singapore from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 4.8 million people were accessing the internet in Singapore. This figure is projected to grow to 5.9 million in 2023. 
 Texas was the state with the highest number of registered weapons in the United States in 2019, with 725,368 firearms. Rhode Island, on the other hand, had 4,655 registered firearms. Gun laws in the United StatesGun ownership in the U.S. is protected by the 2nd Amendment of the Constitution, which allows citizens to own firearms and form a militia if necessary. Outside of the 2nd Amendment, gun laws in the U.S. vary from state to state, and gun owners are subject to the laws of the state they are currently in, not necessarily the state they live in. For example, if concealed carry is allowed in a gun owner’s state of residence, but not in the state they are travelling in, the owner is subject to the law of the state they are travelling in. Civilian-owned firearms The United States is estimated to have the highest rate of civilian-owned firearms in the world, and more than double that of Yemen, which has the second-highest gun ownership rate. Unfortunately, along with high gun ownership rates comes a higher number of homicides by firearm, which was about 11,000 homicides in 2017. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Seattle Seahawks, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Seattle Seahawks was 439 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in South Korea from 1950 to 2050*. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of South Korea's population was 40.8 years. 
 This statistic shows the total amount of nickel mined in the Philippines from 2006 to 2019. In 2006, 65 thousand metric tons of nickel was mined across the country. Since then, nickel production showed an enormous increase up to an estimate of 420 thousand metric tons in 2019. Nickel is used in many applications. One of the best-known applications are nickel-based alloys for high-quality stainless steel. 
 Over the past 30 years, the birth rate in the United States has been steadily declining, and in 2018, there were 11.6 births per 1,000 of the population. In 1990, this figure stood at 16.7 births per 1,000 of the population. Demographics have an impact The average birth rate in the U.S. may be falling, but when broken down along ethnic and economic lines, a different picture is painted: Native Hawaiian and other Pacific Islander women saw the highest birth rate in 2018 among all ethnicities, and White and Asian women both saw the lowest birth rate. Additionally, the higher the family income, the lower the birth rate; families making between 15,000 and 24,999 U.S. dollars annually had the highest birth rate of any income bracket in the States. Fewer births, but longer lives While the birth rate may be declining in the U.S., lives are getting longer, and the life expectancy was estimated to be about 78.54 years in 2017. While this is a positive aspect of today’s modern medical advances, countries such as the U.S. will have to find ways to support and deal with aging populations with fewer working-age adults. 
 This statistic shows the share of GDP in each region that is contributed by women, as of 2015. India had the smallest female GDP share at 17 percent. This is significantly less than the 41 percent female share in China. In 2015, North America and Oceania were the regions with the highest gender parity worldwide, while South Asia, the Middle East and North Africa, and India had the lowest gender parity scores. 
 This statistic shows the infant mortality rate in the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2018. Infant mortality rate is defined as the amount of deaths under 1 year per 1,000 live births. The overall trend was one of decrease although between 2013 and 2018 the rate remained at 3.9. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Somalia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Somalia was at approximately 13.96 percent. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Oman from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Oman was at 3.08 percent. 
 This statistic show the reported forcible rape cases between 1990 and 2018. 
 The statistic shows the percentage of apps used only once after their installation from 2010 to 2019. During the most recent survey period, it was found that 25 percent apps downloaded by mobile app users worldwide were only accessed once after download. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Belgium from 2009 to 2019. In 2009, the total population of Belgium was around 10.8 million people. By 2019, the total population had increased by about 0.6 million people, leaving the total at approximately 11.4 million inhabitants. In the future, the population of Belgium is expected to increase even further. According to a recent forecast, the Belgian population will reach approximately 11.5 million people in 2020 and roughly 11.7 million people in 2025. The majority of the population today is between 18 and 64 years old, as can be seen here. The most recent numbers put the number of children and adolescents at approximately 2.3 million, the number of people between 18 and 64 years at roughly seven million and the retired population of 65 years and older at approximately 2.2 million. Women outnumber men in Belgium today, as is visible in this graph. 
 This statistic show the market forecast of the total cyber security sector in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2010 to 2017. The estimated market size of the total cyber security sector in 2017 is 3,489 million British pounds (GBP). Cyber security exists because the threats and costs are great enough to warrant these measure. When considering the average annual cyber crime costs by industry sector it is necessary to have cyber security in place. The total market size in this statistic is comprised and various different market segments, services, and solutions. When breaking down the solution types there is: governance, content, systems, and infrastructure. In terms of market segments, included are: defense and intelligence, other public sector, enterprises, and small & medium enterprises and consumers. Broken down by IT product/service there is: software, project services & outsourcing, hardware, network, and management consultancy. 
 The statistic above shows Cosmopolitan's advertising revenue in the United States from 2006 to 2013. In 2012, the women's magazine generated a total advertising revenue of almost 386.6 million U.S. dollars. Here you can find out how many advertising pages the magazine sells annually. Cosmopolitan - additional information Cosmopolitan was first published in the United States in 1886, dedicated as a family magazine, then a literary magazine. It was not until the late 1960s, that Cosmopolitan became the women’s magazine that is today. As of 2014, Cosmopolitan was available in 64 different international editions, in 35 languages, and in over 110 countries. In the first half of 2014, Cosmopolitan remained one the leading consumer magazines in the United States and was ranked third with 774,077 single copy sales. As a result of its popularity with consumers, the advertising revenue at Cosmopolitan has remained important but not always stable. In 2007 for example, the number of advertising pages was calculated at 1815.98. By 2013 however this figure had dropped to 1466.96 pages. In the future, expenditure on advertisements in print magazines is expected to decline as priorities are expected to shift and precedence given to spending on digital magazine ads instead. Reflecting a declining magazine industry, the number of Cosmopolitan readers in the United Kingdom has dropped from 2.03 million readers in the second half of 2003 to 1.29 million readers in the second half of 2013. Those surveyed in the UK claimed that cost (70 percent) and a lack of time (42 percent) were the reasons for reading fewer magazines. Declines in the market have been attributed to consumers being less likely to be tempted by impulse buys, especially after the recession. The price of magazines may seem too high for many consumers, as is reflected in the UK consumer survey. Women’s magazines have seen some of the largest declines in the magazine industry as a whole. 
 This statistic shows the top ten cheese producing U.S. states in 2018. In that year, Wisconsin was the market leader, where around 3.42 billion pounds of cheese were produced. In the U.S., natural cheese makes up the largest share of cheese sales, generating approximately 12.9 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Cheese in the United States Cheese is mostly common in the Western cultural sphere, where it is one of the basic foodstuffs, and a major agricultural product. With some 7 million metric tons, the European Union is the world’s leading producer of cheese. The United States is follows, producing approximately 5 million metric tons. The top cheese producing U.S. states are Wisconsin and California. Wisconsin’s nickname as “America’s Dairyland” punctuates the state’s leading position within the U.S. dairy industry. More than two and a half billion pounds of cheese are produced in Wisconsin. California is the second largest producer. As expected, these states also count the highest number of milk cows among all U.S. states. Total consumption of all types of cheese in the United States stands slightly lower than the production volume. This means, that every American consumes around 15 kilograms of cheese annually. The most popular types of cheese among U.S. consumers are Italian-style varieties like, for example, Mozzarella and Parmesan. 
 This timeline depicts the total number of employees of the Kohl's Corporation from 2012 to 2018. In 2018, the Kohl's Corporation employed 129,000 associates. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Minnesota Vikings games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 103.98s U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Philadelphia Eagles from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Philadelphia Eagles was 69,796. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Jordan from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Jordan was at approximately 14.95 percent. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for cocoa from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for cocoa stood at 2.29 nominal U.S. dollars per kilogram. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in India from 2015 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in India is expected to reach 444.2 million, up from 281 million in 2018. Facebook users in India – additional information Facebook, headquartered in Menlo Park, California, is by far the leading social network in the world. Not only has the company been leading the market in number of active users – more than 1.7 billion active users as of September 2016 – but Facebook also owns three of the most popular social networks in the world, WhatApp, Facebook Messenger and Instagram. As of September 2016, WhatApp and Facebook Messenger had one billion active users each, while photo-sharing Instagram’s active users added up to a total of 500 million active users during the measured period. Social networking, one of the main online activities, shows healthy projections for the coming years, as the number of social network users worldwide is forecast to grow from 2.14 billion in 2015 to nearly three billion in 2020. The number of social network users in India stood at around 216.5 million in 2016, and is forecast to amount to more than 336 million by 2020. From this figure, Facebook accounts for the majority of these users, as the social network is the most popular social network the country. There were about 195 million Facebook users in India as of May 2016, against about 191 million in the U.S. and 90 million in Brazil. These figures place India as the country with the largest Facebook user base in the world. The number of Facebook users in India is forecast to continue to grow in the coming years, and add up to nearly 320 million by 2021. In line with this growth in users, Facebook penetration rate in India is expected to jump from almost 15 percent in 2016 to around 23 percent in 2021. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Norway from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Norway's real gross domestic product grew by around 1.29 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of employees of the financial services sector in London, the United Kingdom (UK) from 2007 to 2014, with the provisional results for employment as of June 2015. According to the source, a survey of members was conducted on the subject of employment trends in 2014, with companies in the area of financial and professional services with roughly 100,000 employees responding. In 2014, there were 345.4 thousand people employed in the financial services sector in London, an overall decrease of 9.4 thousand employees in comparison to 2007. As of June 2015, the provisional figure had increased to a total of more than 360 thousand financial services sector employees in London. This trend in the total number of financial services sector employees in London. It can be seen in the context of a similar trend, displayed for the overall sector. It is reflected in the total number of employees in the financial services sector for the United Kingdom (UK) as a whole. Also interesting is how the number of financial and insurance sector employees in London is forecasted to change in the future. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Seattle Seahawks from the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value amounted to around 2.8 billion U.S. dollars. The Seattle Seahawks are owned by Paul Allen, who bought the franchise for 194 million U.S. dollars in 1997. 
 The statistic provides information on brands' spending on eSports sponsorship and advertising worldwide from 2015 to 2020. According to the estimates, brands will invest 517 million U.S. dollars in marketing and sponsoring eSports related events in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the total population in Japan from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the total population of Japan amounted to around 126.75 million inhabitants. See the figures for the population of South Korea for comparison. Total population in Japan From steadily low fertility rates to a growing elderly population, it is no secret that Japan’s population is shrinking. Population growth rates jump around a little, but are currently following a declining trend. The post-war baby boom generation is now in the 65-and-over age group, and the percentage of the population in that category is expected to keep growing, as is indicated by a high median age and high life expectancy. Japan already has the highest percentage of its population over 65 in the world, and the aging population puts some pressure on the Japanese government to provide welfare services for more people as rising numbers leave the workforce. However, the amount of jobs opened up for the younger generations by the older generations leaving the workforce means that unemployment is kept to a minimum. Despite a jump in unemployment after the global recession hit in 2008, rates were almost back to pre-recession rates by 2013. Another factor affecting Japan is the number of emigrants to other countries. The United States absorbs a number of emigrants worldwide, so despite a stagnating birth rate, the U.S. has seen a steady rise in population. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Japan from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, approximately 51.3 million people actively used social media. In 2023, this figure is projected to reach about 61.8 million social network users. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Sub-Saharan Africa from 2008 to 2018. Sub-Saharan Africa includes all countries south of the Sahara desert. In 2018, the total population of Sub-Saharan Africa amounted to approximately 1.08 billion inhabitants. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Miami Dolphins games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 84.51 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate of Black single parent families with a female householder and no spouse present in the U.S. from 1990 to 2018. In 1990, 48.1 percent of all Black families with a single mother in the United States lived below the poverty level. In 2018, that figure was at 29.4 percent. Poverty is the state of one who lacks a certain amount of material possessions or money. Absolute poverty or destitution is inability to afford basic human needs, which commonly includes clean and fresh water, nutrition, health care, education, clothing and shelter. 
 France and Spain had the joint-highest prevalence of cannabis use among adults in Europe as of 2018, with eleven percent of their populations consuming cannabis in the preceding twelve months. This was followed by Italy with 10.2 percent of the population using cannabis, while only 0.9 percent of individuals in Malta were consuming it during this time period. Demographics of cannabis users in France In France it is the younger age groups who have both a higher frequency of having tried cannabis at any point and daily use. With 27 percent of those aged between 18 and 25 years having consumed cannabis in the last twelve months as of a 2017 survey. While almost five percent in the same age group state they smoke cannabis every day. Other drug use in the EU Cannabis is by far the most used drug across the population of the European Union, with over a quarter using at some point in their lifetime. This is followed by cocaine which five percent have used in their life and then amphetamines with 3.6 percent of individuals having used. 
 In 2015, some 87 percent of Canadians stated that, out of any product category, they are most likely to purchase food from Canadian producers or brands as opposed to imported products. Beer and clothing were the next two most popular product segments, with 46 and 45 percent of respondents stating they would likely buy Canadian goods respectively. In the same survey, some 25 percent of consumers said that they always buy Canadian products. Canadian loyalty Whether it be to protest U.S. trade tariffs, prevent more international brands coming north of the border, or to simply support Canadian producers and manufacturers, many consumers are loyal to homegrown Canadian brands. Most of the brand’s products being made in Canada is a key identifier of a true Canadian brand to consumers. There is, however, a stark difference between age groups when it comes to attitudes towards Canadian-made and U.S.-made grocery products. Some 72 percent of consumers aged 55 and over stated in a recent survey that they are much more likely to choose a Canadian-made product. This figure decreased to 46 percent for consumers aged between 18 and 34. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price in the National Hockey League from the 2006/07 season to the 2014/15 season. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was at 43.13 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Brazil from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is measured by the share of urban population in the total population. In 2018, 86.57 percent of Brazil's total population lived in cities. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Canada from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, there were approximately 25.3 million social network users in Canada, and this figure is projected to grow to 27.1 million in 2023. 
 This statistic depicts orange production worldwide from 2012/2013 to 2018/2019. During the marketing year 2015/2016, global orange production amounted to about 47.06 million metric tons, and is estimated to reach to 54.23 million metric tons in 2018/2019. 
 Between 2015 and 2019, the average wage in the private sector in the Netherlands increased year on year by between 1.2 and 2.4 percent. For the next year, an even greater growth of average wages is forecast. In 2020, wages in the private sector are expected to increase by just under three percent. A similar positive development is forecast for contract wages in collective agreements in the country. Average wages in the Netherlands In 2017, the average annual wage in the Netherlands was around 46,800 euros – a decrease in comparison to the previous two years. The average wage peaked in 2016, at just over 47,000 euros. In 2000, this was only 42,086 euros. Highest salaries in the mining and quarrying industry Employees in the mining and quarrying sector on average had the highest salaries in the Netherlands, earning about twice as much as the average salary in the country. By comparison, employees working in the accommodation and food serving industry on average earned only 13,700 euros per year. 
 This statistic shows the average price for a basic manicure in nail salons in the United States from 2005 to 2019. Nails salons in the U.S. charged an average price of 22.75 U.S. dollars for a basic manicure in 2019. 
 This statistic charts the mean age of mothers at childbirth in the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2018. Throughout this period there has been a clear trend of mothers having children later in life, with the average age of mothers in the UK increasing from 28.5 in 2000 to 30.6 by 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Angola from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Angola amounted to about 19.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Venezuela from between 2011 to 2018, with projections up until 2021. In 2018, Venezuela's real gross domestic product decreased by 18 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Sub-Saharan Africa from 2007 to 2017. The fertility rate is the average number of children born to one woman while being of child-bearing age. Sub-Saharan Africa includes almost all countries south of the Sahara desert. In 2017, the fertility rate in Sub-Saharan Africa amounted to 4.77 children per woman. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Miami Dolphins from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Miami Dolphins was 63,067. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC fuel duty receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. The overall trend was one of increase, seeing a peak in 2018/19 with 27.99 billion British pounds and a total rise of over 5 billion British pounds throughout this period. 
 This timeline depicts the net sales per square foot of Dollar General in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the company's net sales per square foot amounted to 231 U.S. dollars. Dollar General is a chain of discount variety stores that operates in 44 U.S. states. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Philadelphia Eagles, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2017, the revenue of the Philadelphia Eagles was 482 million U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Tampa Bay Rays from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Tampa Bay Rays was 14,734. • Tampa Bay Rays total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the national debt of Saudi Arabia in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP) from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Saudi Arabia's national debt amounted to approximately 18.98 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Colombia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Colombia's real gross domestic product increased by around 2.57 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the New York Giants, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. The revenue of the New York Giants was at 519 million U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This timeline depicts the number of Family Dollar stores in the United States from 2008 to 2014. In 2012, Family Dollar had 7,442 stores open throughout the United States. Family Dollar is an American chain of variety stores that operates in 45 U.S. states and the District of Columbia. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in South Africa from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in South Africa is expected to reach 19.8 million, up from 16.2 million users in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in the Philippines from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in the Philippines was at 6.78 percent. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the New York Jets of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value amounted to around 3.2 billion U.S. dollars. The New York Jets are owned by Robert Wood Johnson IV, who bought the franchise for 635 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Thailand from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Thailand amounted to approximately 67.79 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Alberta from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Alberta's GDP was 336.28 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh apples in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh apples amounted to approximately 16.91 pounds in 2018. 
 In 2010, unemployment rate in France reached a record level of 10.4 percent. Unemployment remains a rampant issue for French economy, being stagnant year-over-year since the financial and economical crisis in 2008. During the first quarter of 2018, more than 1.4 million people aged between 25 and 49 years were unemployed in France. Change in unemployment since 2008 In 2008, year of the financial crisis, unemployment rate in France reached its lowest level since 2004. That year, France had an unemployment rate of 7.4 percent while, one year before it had reached 8 eight percent. Unemployment is an important economic factor for a country and a measure of a region’s economic health. Despite its low level in 2008, unemployment rate in France increased steadily between 2009 and 2016. In 2015, it even reached its highest level since the mid-2000s with a percentage of unemployed people among the French population which was of 10.4 percent. That year, unemployed people represented 11.5 percent of the urban population in France. However, French unemployment rate seemed to be experiencing improvements in recent years. In 2017, long-term employment rate decreased after several years of constant growth. Unemployment in France and the EU European markets were particularly affected by the 2008 global financial crisis and the recession which followed. Nevertheless, Unemployment rate in the EU reached 6.5 percent in January 2019, compared to 7.2 percent one year before and the number of unemployed persons in the European Union and the Euro area is declining since 2018. This improvement seems to be affecting France to a lesser extent. France was one of the EU members with the highest unemployment rate in 2019, and youth unemployment still reaches a record number in the country. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the Netherlands from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP per capita in the Netherlands was around 53,228.27 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the wallboard product sales in the United States between 2007 and 2019. In 2019, approximately 24 billion square feet of wallboard products were sold in the United States. Building materials in the United States: wallboard After its tremendous downturn following the 2008 subprime mortgage crisis, the housing industry in the United States is making a comeback, especially in markets like New York, Dallas and Houston. S&P/Case Shiller's national home price index for the United States was expected to grow to some 205 points in 2018, up from around 128 points in 2011, the worst year for US housing in half a decade. As a result, building material manufacturers are trying to tap into the market and have begun to raise prices dramatically. Thus, homebuilders are faced with increasing costs of building materials. Major companies involved in building materials include the United States Gypsum Corporation, Lafarge and Wacker. Wallboard, which is also known as drywall, plasterboard or gypsum board, is a panel made of gypsum plaster. The panel is usually sandwiched between two thick sheets of paper to make interior wall and ceilings. Wallboard construction is prevalent in North America in comparison to the traditional usage of lath and plaster due to quicker application. Some 42 million metric tons of gypsum was consumed in the U.S. in 2019. The rise in prices is believed to be driven by increased building activity and demand from home improvement retailers. In the long run, expensive construction materials are set to have an impact on property prices, too. At 326,400 US dollars, the U.S. median house price of new homes sold in the US has increased steadily over the last decades. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of British Columbia from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, British Columbia's GDP was 246.26 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 This statistic represents the volume of international seaborne trade carried by container ships from 1980 through 2017. Globally, seaborne containerized cargo amounted to around 1.83 billion tons loaded in 2017. 
 The timeline shows Harley-Davidson's worldwide motorcycle revenue between the 2001 and 2018 fiscal years. Harley-Davidson's global motorcycle revenue amounted to around 5.7 billion U.S. dollars in the 2018 fiscal year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Bahrain from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Bahrain amounted to about 2.1 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in softball in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in softball amounted to approximately 9.69 million. 
 This statistic shows Microsoft's global revenue figures from the 2002 fiscal year to the 2019 fiscal year. In FY2019, Microsoft generated 125.84 billion U.S. dollars in revenue, a record year in terms of revenue for the company. Microsoft and Bill Gates Microsoft has become a constant figure among the world’s most valuable brands. Its founder Bill Gates is presently, and perhaps unsurprisingly, one of the richest men in the United States and among the richest billionaires worldwide, among other well-known figures such as Warren Buffet, Carlos Slim Helu, and Larry Ellison. In addition to his status as an entrepreneur, Bill Gates is also known for his philanthropy. In 2000, together with his wife, they created the Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation. The foundation has donated a considerable amount of money, in particular in the area of research and development of treatments for neglected diseases. While Bill Gates no longer heads the Microsoft Corporation, the company itself continues to show extremely strong results around the world, with versions of its most famous product, the Windows operating system, consistently leading the home operating system market. The Microsoft Office suite also remains the most widely used office software around the world with few comparable competitors in sight. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita of Iran from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until to 2024. In 2018, Iran's GDP amounted to approximately 5,416.53 U.S. dollars per capita. 
 This statistic presents the number of athletes from Latin America and the Caribbean participating in the 2018 PyeongChang Winter Games, sorted by country. Out of a total of 37 athletes from this region, nine were from Brazil and seven from Chile. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh potatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh potatoes amounted to 31.1 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the total assets of BMW Group from the fiscal year of 2007 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, BMW Group had a balance sheet total of around 208.9 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Bangladesh from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 36.63 percent of Bangladesh's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New York Mets games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 27.60 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the per capita real Gross Domestic Product of California from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the per capita real GDP of California stood at 68,803 chained 2012 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in target shooting in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in target shooting amounted to approximately 30.46 million. 
 This statistic shows the price of 99.85 percent pure refined tin from 2014 to 2018, including a forecast until 2030. It is estimated that the tin price in 2030 will be around 23,000 U.S. dollars per metric ton, a significant increase compared to the current price per metric ton of tin. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Burger King restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. Burger King's ACSI score was 76 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. Burger King Burger King is a quick-service restaurant chain headquartered in Miami-Dade County, Florida. It was founded in 1953 as Insta-Burger King, which was later shortened to just Burger King. After several changes in ownership Burger King was taken public in 2006 via its IPO by TPG Capital, which had purchased the company in 2002 for about 1.5 billion U.S. dollars. Burger King was made private again in 2010 by 3G Capital, which paid 3.3 billion U.S. dollars for the majority stake. In 2012, Burger King started to be traded publicly again via a merger with a preexisting stock (Justice Holding). 3G Capital still is the majority shareholder. In 2018, almost 18 thousand Burger King restaurants were in operation around the world. The vast majority of those stores were franchised restaurants, only 50 remained company-operated. Burger King’s revenue was at 1.65 billion U.S. dollars during its 2018 fiscal year. Of the total revenue 80 thousand U.S. dollars was earned through company-operated restaurants, while 1.58 billion U.S. dollars was from franchise and property revenue. Burger King’s restaurant sales amounted to 75 million U.S. dollars in 2018. Amongst Burger King’s competitors in the quick-service restaurant market are McDonald’s, Subway, Yum Brands! (Kentucky Fried Chicken, Pizza Hut, Taco Bell), Chick-fil-A, Chipotle Mexican Grill, Wendy’s Domino’s Pizza and many others. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Texas Rangers games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 25.75 U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh romaine and leaf lettuce in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh romaine and leaf lettuce amounted to approximately 12.3 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Mount Rushmore National Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Mount Rushmore National Memorial amounted to approximately 1.96 million in 2019. 
 The statistic depicts the median age in Greece from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Greece's population was 43.4 years. See the Greek population figures for comparison. 
 The global organic chocolate market was projected to grow in size from 734 million U.S. dollars to 886 million U.S. dollars between 2012 and 2018. As such, organic chocolate seems to have increased in popularity in recent years. Organic Chocolate Candy A bar of organic chocolate may seem indistinguishable from a bar of regular chocolate; the biggest difference between the two is that organic chocolate is made from cocoa beans grown without the use of synthetic pesticides or herbicides, as well as with organic sugar and milk. In the United States, organic chocolate confectionary makes up the majority of the organic confectionary market, with retail sales of about 261 million U.S. dollars in 2017. Global Cocoa Production A large share of the world’s chocolate production is attributed to two African countries: Côte d'Ivoire, also known as Ivory Coast, and Ghana. In the 2017/2018 crop year, Ivory Coast’s cocoa bean production reached two million metric tons, while the cocoa bean production volume in Ghana amounted to 880 thousand metric tons in that time period. The leading processor of cocoa beans is the Netherlands. In 2018/2019, the Netherlands processed 600 thousand tons of cocoa beans. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of employees of the banking sector in London, the United Kingdom (UK) from 2007 to 2014, with the provisional results for employment as of June 2015. According to the source, a survey of members was conducted on the subject of employment trends in 2014, with companies in the area of financial and professional services with roughly 100,000 employees responding. In 2014, there were 144 thousand people employed in the banking sector in the capital of the United Kingdom, one of the leading financial centers worldwide. It constituted an overall increase of 3.7 thousand employees in comparison to 2007. As of June 2015, the provisional figure had decreased slightly to a total of 143.6 thousand banking sector employees in London. This decreasing trend in the total number of banking sector employees in the capital between 2011 and 2015 is similar to the overall trend in the total number of employees in the banking sector for the whole of Great Britain during that time. 
 This statistic shows the total number of live births in the Netherlands from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, approximately 169,000 babies were born alive in the Netherlands. In the same period, the number of stillborn children in the Netherlands decreased, as can be seen in this statistic. In the past ten years, the number of stillborn children decreased by approximately 500. For a more detailed look at the newborn babies, this statistic divides the number of live born children in the Netherlands in the last ten years by gender. It shows that in the past few years more boys than girls were born in the Netherlands. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Latin America and the Caribbean from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Latin America and the Caribbean amounted to about 6.21 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic depicts the net sales of General Mills worldwide from 2014 to 2019. According to the report, the company's global net sales amounted to approximately 16.86 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for sugar from 2014 through 2025*. In 2018, the average price for sugar stood at 0.28 nominal U.S. dollars per kilogram. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Germany from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Germany was at approximately 3.2 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average revenue per available room (RevPAR) of Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc. globally from 2014 to 2019. The average revenue per available room of Wyndham Hotels & Resorts Inc. hotels was 40.92 U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Detroit Lions from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Detroit Lions was 61,342. 
 As of 2018 there were approximately 158,000 employees and contractors globally working for Glencore. This is a significant decrease from 2013 when there were about 204,000 employees working for the multinational commodity trading and mining company. Despite decreasing employment numbers, Glencore remains the second largest mining company worldwide based on employment. Glencore Company Overview Glencore is a natural resource company with mining, metallurgical, oil production and agricultural facilities globally. Glencore plc was newly formed in May 2013 through a merger of Glencore with Xstrata. Glencore is both British and Swiss, but is headquartered in Baar, Switzerland and has operations in over 50 countries globally. As of 2018 Glencore was among the leading mining companies worldwide based on market capitalization. Glencore was also the leading mining company in the world based on revenue in that year. Glencore is a leading global producer of several commodities. This includes nickel, silver, platinum, and copper, among others. 
 This statistic illustrates the average market risk premium used in Italy from 2011 to 2018. It can be seen that the average market risk premium (MRP) fluctuated during this time with an overall increase, reaching a value of 6.1 percent as of 2018. 
 This statistic shows the Brent crude oil price from 1976 to 2020. In 2020, the average price of Brent crude oil stood at 63.82 U.S. dollars per barrel. Brent is the world's leading price benchmark for Atlantic basin crude oils. The price of crude oil is closely observed as it influences costs across all stages of the production process and consequently alters the price of consumer goods as well. Crude oil benchmarks In 2019, the Brent crude oil prices totaled an average of 64.36 U.S. dollars per barrel, down significantly from the 2014 average price of 99 U.S. dollars per barrel. To put the 2019 figure in context, however, it was a considerable increase from the 2001 average, at 24.45 U.S. dollars per barrel. Brent Crude is considered a classification of sweet light crude oil and acts as a benchmark price for oil around the world. It is considered a sweet light crude oil due to its low sulfur content and a low density. This oil originates in the North Sea and is comprised of several different oil blends including Brent Blend and Ekofisk crude. Often, this crude oil is refined in Northwest Europe. West Texas Intermediate (WTI) oil prices totaled 25.9 U.S. dollars per barrel in 2001 and rose to 93.25 U.S. dollars per barrel in 2014, before decreasing significantly to 43.15 U.S. dollars per barrel in 2016. The WTI is another type of sweet light oil and is often referenced alongside of UK Brent. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Hong Kong in 2017 and 2018, with projections up until 2023. In 2018, the number of Facebook users in Hong Kong amounted to around 4.4 million and was forecasted to grow up to 4.7 million by 2023. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate of the Netherlands from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in the Netherlands was around 3.76 percent. 
 The statistic shows the percentage of wives who earn more than their husbands in married couple households in the United States from 1990 to 2012. In 2012, 29 percent of family households in which both wives and husbands have earnings, the wife had a higher income than her husband. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Los Angeles Clippers franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 2.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of tourist arrivals at accommodation establishments in Hungary from 2006 to 2017. Over this period arrivals of both domestic and international tourists in accommodation establishments in Hungary has increased, reaching around 12.5 million in 2017. 
 In 2019, the contribution of travel and tourism to the Italian gross domestic product amounted to 237.8 billion euros. The industry, which is one of the most important ones for the country’s economy, constituted about 13.3 percent of the Italian GDP in the year considered and is predicted to reach 14.3 percent in 2029. In search of the Italian dolce vita Every year more and more international visitors come to Italy to discover the real Italian dolce vita – breathtaking landscapes, rich history, great art, interesting culture and delectable cuisine. Between 2013 and 2018, the country registered an increase in the number of international tourist arrivals of roughly fifteen million visitors. International visitors’ spending higher every year In 2018, Italy ranked tenth on the world list of countries with the largest international tourism expenditure. Furthermore, since 2014 the expenditure of inbound visitors has been constantly growing and is predicted to reach 57.9 billion euros in 2029. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Argentina from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Argentina amounted to approximately 44.56 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic illustrates the annual amount of municipal solid waste generated between 1960 and 2017 in the United States. In 2017, approximately 267.8 million tons of municipal solid waste were generated here. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of high fructose corn syrup (HFCS) in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The U.S. per capita consumption of high fructose corn syrup amounted to 37.6 pounds in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Los Angeles Dodgers from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Los Angeles Dodgers was 49,065. • Los Angeles Dodgers total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 After entering Italy, Coronavirus (COVID-19) has been spreading fast. As of March 3, 2020, the total number of cases reported by the authorities exceed two thousand. The North of the country was mostly hit, and the region with the highest number of cases was Lombardy, which registered 1,520 of them. The neighboring regions of Veneto and Emilia-Romagna registered 307 and 420 cases respectively. Italy is currently the country with the third highest number of Coronavirus cases after China and South Korea. 
 This statistic shows the growth in jobs in the United States from 2017 to 2018, by state. In 2018, the state of Nevada was ranked first with the job growth of 3.4 percent. 
 This graph depicts the value of the New York Yankees franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 4.6 billion U.S. dollars. The New York Yankees are owned by the Steinbrenner Family, who bought them in 1973 for 8.8 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Thailand from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Thailand's gross domestic product amounted to around 504.93 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This timeline represents the motor vehicle production of BMW worldwide from 2006 through 2016. Globally, the manufacturer of automobiles and motorcycles produced a little over 2.3 million vehicles in 2016. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh tomatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh tomatoes amounted to 20.6 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide salt production from 1975 to 2019. In 2019, worldwide production of salt amounted to some 293 million metric tons. In that year, China was the leading salt producer worldwide with the production of 60 million tons. 
 This statistic shows the global market size of the wellness industry in 2015 and 2017. In 2017, the global wellness industry was worth 4.2 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Kenya from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Kenya's gross domestic product amounted to around 87.93 billion U.S. dollars. 
 Monday Night Football averaged 12.6 million viewers in the United States during the 2019 NFL season, an increase of around one million on the previous year. Although viewing figures have increased, they are still down on the 12.9 million viewers in 2015. Sunday, Monday, happy nights The NFL has prime-time games that are broadcast across the entire United States by one major network on Thursday night, Sunday night, and Monday night – these games start at around 8:30 pm Eastern Time. As with Monday Night Football, the average number of viewers of Thursday Night Football also increased during the 2019 NFL season, and Sunday Night Football is the most viewed television show in the United States. TV networks pay top dollar The NFL generates an estimated five billion U.S. dollars per year from broadcasting rights deals, a figure that has increased significantly over the years. In 2011, the sports channel ESPN agreed on an eight-year deal with the NFL – at a total cost of 15.2 billion U.S. dollars – ensuring the network has the rights to show Monday Night Football until at least 2021. 
 This statistic shows the total sugar stocks worldwide from 2009/2010 to 2018/2019 with a forecast for 2019/2020. In 2018/2019, approximately 50.9 million metric tons of sugar were in stock worldwide. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Buffalo Bills games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 71.08 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows emigration from Sweden over the years from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, 47,718 individuals emigrated from Sweden, whereas about 116 thousand people immigrated to Swedenin the same year. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of Ethiopia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of Ethiopia amounted to around 43.97 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in camping in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in camping amounted to approximately 41.67 million. Camping Camping is a popular recreational activity with more than 40 million people partaking in camping activities in the United States each year. This includes people camping with cars and tents, as well as recreational vehicles and backyard camping. Approximately 26 percent of campers (10.56 million participants) were children and adolescents aged between 6 and 17 years. Young adult participants (18 to 24 years) made up about 11.2 percent of all participants. According to the National Sporting Goods Association, consumer spending on camping equipment in the United States was forecasted to reach approximately 1.69 billion U.S. dollars in 2015, while the Outdoor Foundation reported that camping equipment sales in the U.S. totaled 1.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2011. The Sporting Goods Manufacturers Association meanwhile stated in its annual Manufacturers Sales by Category Report that camping equipment wholesale sales had a total value of about 2.2.66 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The reported figures vary depending on what kind of products and segments the sources include in their estimations. For 2018, the Recreational Vehicle Industry Association estimates that around 480 thousand recreational vehicles (e.g. travel trailers, fifth wheel trailers, folding camp trailers, truck campers, motorhomes) will be sold (wholesale shipments) in the United States. The U.S. recreational vehicle park industry is forecasted to generate almost five billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2015. It is projected that by 2015 there will be around 13,800 establishments in the U.S. RV park industry with total employment reaching 45,700. Other outdoor activities such as hunting / wildlife viewing and recreational fishing / boating are also popular outdoor activities. Visitation of national / public parks is also often combined with one or more of the activities mentioned above. 
 The national team of Brazil has won the most soccer World Cup titles of all time with five, winning the tournament in 1958, 1962, 1970, 1994 and, most recently, in 2002. Didier Deschamps’ double success The most recent World Cup, which was hosted by Russia in 2018, was won by France. The team, coached by Didier Deschamps, won the final 4-2 against Croatia. This marked a double success for the national team coach as he was part of the France squad that won the country’s first ever World Cup in 1998. The 2018 victory for France was not a complete surprise as the French squad boasted the highest market value of all the teams at the World Cup, with a total value of around 1.08 billion euros. Brazil’s dominance beginning to fade? Despite being the most successful nation in the history of the World Cup, Brazil’s national team has struggled in recent tournaments. Despite the team being full of superstars such as Neymar and Philippe Coutinho, the Brazilians were knocked out by Belgium in the quarter-finals in 2018. There were high hopes for the Brazilian team at their home World Cup in 2014 and they seemed destined for glory as they made their way through to the semi-finals. However, in one of the most memorable games in World Cup history, the home team were unceremoniously dumped out by the Germans, who beat them 7-1, before going on to claim the trophy against France in the final. This tournament marked the end of a glittering World Cup career for Germany’s Miroslav Klose, who is the all-time leading goal scorer at the World Cup. He scored his sixteenth and record-breaking goal in Germany's semi-final matchup with Brazil at the 2014 World Cup. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Trinidad and Tobago from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Trinidad and Tobago was at approximately 2.81 percent. 
 This statistic depicts the per capita consumption of fresh pineapples in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh pineapples amounted to approximately 7.8 pounds in 2018. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Morocco from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Morocco's gross domestic product amounted to around 118.53 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cincinnati Reds games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 21.14 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the St. Louis Cardinals from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 356 million U.S. dollars.The St. Louis Cardinals are owned by William DeWittJr., who bought the franchise for 150 million U.S. dollars in 1996. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Brunei Darussalam from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the estimated unemployment rate in Brunei Darussalam was at approximately 9.25 percent. 
 This statistic shows the growth rate of the global big data market from 2012 to 2027. The big data market is forecast to grow by 20 percent in 2018, reaching 42 billion U.S. dollars in size. 
 Royal Dutch Shell’s number of shares amounted to nearly 8.3 billion in 2018. This is a large increase from the number of shares available in 2008; which equaled about 6.2 billion shares. Shell is one of the leading oil and gas companies worldwide. It is headquartered in the Hague, Netherlands. Royal Dutch Shell Company Overview Royal Dutch Shell, also known as Shell, is a group of chemical and petrochemical companies. Their businesses deal with the extraction of crude oil and natural gas as well as the refining and production of oils and gasses. While Shell’s revenue has been variable over the years, in recent years there has been a significant increase in revenue for the company. As of 2018 the largest share of Shell’s revenue came from Asia, Oceania and Africa, followed by Europe. Shell’s Environmental Impact Shell, like many oil companies, does not have a clean track record when it comes to oil spills and environmental impact. In 2008 Shell was responsible for an oil spill in the Niger delta that affected over 69,000 people and horribly damaged the natural landscape and wildlife. The company has made efforts to reduce their environmental impact in some ways. Since the 2008 oil spill Shell has decreased the amount of oil released in operational spills, limiting their environmental impact. Likewise, the direct greenhouse gas emissions made by Shell have decreased over time. Additionally, the company’s global production of waste has also begun to decrease in recent years. 
 The statistic shows the average per game attendance at games of the English Premier League from the 2009/10 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the average attendance at the games was at 38,484. 
 The graph shows the population growth in China from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, annual population growth in China amounted to about 0.6 percent. Declining population growth in China Due to strict birth control measures by the Chinese government as well as changing family and work situations of the Chinese people, population growth has subsided over the past decades. In the last ten years, the annual population growth ranged at around 0.5 percent, although the gradual abolition of the one-child policy from 2014 on led to temporarily higher birth figures. As of 2017, leading countries in population growth could almost exclusively be found on the African continent and the Arabian Peninsula. Nevertheless, as of mid 2018, Asia ranked first by a wide margin among the continents in terms of absolute population. Future development of Chinese populationThe Chinese population will soon reach a maximum size and then begin to shrink gradually. However, the exact year for this turning point is unclear. Whereas IMF estimates see it coming in the first half of the 2020s, Chinese demographers expect a later date around 2030. As of 2018, China still ranked the world’s most populous country, but India followed closely and will soon take over. Apart from the receding population growth, a clear growth trend in Chinese cities is visible. By 2018, nearly 60 percent of Chinese people lived in urban areas, compared to less than 40 percent in 2002. 
 This statistic depicts the smartphone penetration as a share of the population in China from 2015 to 2018, with a forecast up to 2023. In 2018, around 50 percent of the population in China used a smartphone. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in New Zealand from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, New Zealand's real gross domestic product grew by around 2.81 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average price for a full set of acrylic toenails in nail salons in the United States from 2011 to 2014. Nail salons charged an average price of 29.13 U.S. dollars for a full set of acrylic toenails in 2014. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Sudan from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Sudan amounted to about 63.29 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average price for a full set of gels in nail salons in the United States from 2009 to 2019. Nail salons in the U.S. charged an average price of 51.29 U.S. dollars for the initial application of a full set of gel nails in 2019. 
 In the United Kingdom, the definition of suicide is a death with an underlying cause of intentional self-harm or an injury or poisoning with undetermined intent. In 2018, the suicide rate in the UK was 11.2 deaths per 100,000 population, the highest rate of suicide in the UK since 2000. Overall, the highest suicide rate was in the year 2000, when the rate was almost twelve deaths per 100,000. Vulnerable groups The suicide rate among men in the UK in 2018 was more than three times higher than for women, the figures being 17.2 per 100,000 population for men compared to 5.4 for women. Additionally, the age group with the highest rate of suicide was for those aged 45 to 49 years at 18.1 deaths per 100,000. Mental health in the UK Over 49.5 thousand people in England were detained under the Mental Health Act in the period 2017/18. Alongside this, there has been an increase in the number of workers in Great Britain suffering from stress, depression or anxiety. Resulting in almost 600 thousand workers reporting to be suffering from these work-related issues in 2017/18. 
 There were over 27.5 thousand marriages in Scotland during 2018, a decrease of around 900 marriages when compared with the previous year. Same sex marriage was legalized in Scotland on December 16, 2014 following the Marriage and Civil Partnership Act. Compared with 2000, there was a net decrease of around 2.77 thousand marriages by 2018. Almost half of Scots married In 2017, 47 percent of Scots were either married or in a civil partnership, with a further 36 percent of people being single. Divorced and widowed Scots both made up seven percent of the population each, while separated but still legally married Scots accounted for just two percent of the population in this year. For Scots who were married, 33 percent were aged between 45 and 59 with the next most common age group being those aged between 60 and 74 at 28 percent of married people. Divorces in Decline There were only 7.9 thousand divorces in Scotland in 2016/17, a net decrease of 5.8 thousand divorces than there were ten years earlier in 2006/07. Although that year saw a spike in the number of divorces, they declined in ever year since then, leading to the relatively few divorces seen in 2016/17. 
 This statistic displays the gross domestic product (GDP) of the Netherlands from 2007 to 2017 (in billion euros, at current prices). It shows that between 2007 and 2017, the Dutch GDP from output increased from roughly 619 billion to 737 billion euros. According to a recent forecast, Dutch GDP will likely continuously increase in the next few years, with an increase of over three percent forecasted for 2017. When looking at the GDP per capita, a similar development is visible. In the last ten years, the GDP per capita increased from roughly 33,400 to 39,900 euros in the Netherlands, an increase of roughly 6,500 euros. A similar development can be seen in neighboring Belgium, which has a slightly lower GDP per capita, as shows this statistic. 
 This statistic shows the Gini's concentration coefficient in Taiwan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the Gini index in Taiwan was 33.8 points, around 0.7 percentage points lower than in 2009. In the countries having relative equality in their distributions of income, the value of the Gini coefficient usually ranges between the scores of 20 and 35. In comparison, the Gini index in China ranged around 46.8 points in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Switzerland from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2017, the GDP per capita in Switzerland amounted to around 80,763.57 U.S. dollars. By the way, nowadays, Switzerland is one of the countries with the largest GDP per capita. 
 The statistic shows the home ownership rate in selected European countries in 2018. The home ownership rate is the share of dwellings that were owner-occupied. The home ownership rate in the presented European countries extended from 51.5 percent in Germany to as much as 96.4 percent in Romania. More developed European countries, such as France or Germany, tended to have a lower home ownership rate compared to the frontier countries, such as Lithuania or Slovakia. The share of house owners among the population of all 28 European countries has remained relatively stable over the past few years, amounting to approximately 69 percent. Average cost of housing Across Europe, the average transaction price varies from country to country. The average transaction price per square meter in 2017 for a new dwelling was almost four times higher in the United Kingdom (UK) compared to the likes of Poland and Hungary. Housing completions With population numbers rising across Europe, the need for affordable housing continues. Across Europe, countries have built in some cases hundreds of thousands of homes annually to meet the growing demands. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Spain from 2008 to 2018 and details the percentage of the entire population, living in urban areas. In 2018, 80.32 percent of the total population in Spain lived in cities. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Bulgaria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Bulgaria's gross domestic product had amounted to around 65.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Nigeria from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 50.34 percent of Nigeria's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of employees at AbbVie from 2013 to 2020, as of January 31 of each year. As of January 31, 2020, AbbVie was employing some 30,000 people globally. Abbott was a U.S.-based global pharmaceutical and healthcare products company, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. In January 2013, Abbott was separated into two companies: Abbott and AbbVie. Abbott Laboratories is now specialized on medical products, while AbbVie is responsible for research-based pharmaceuticals. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Pakistan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Pakistan was at about 57.2 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 The statistic shows Brazil's budget balance in relation to GDP between 2014 and 2018, with projections up until 2024. A positive value indicates a budget surplus, a negative value indicates a trade deficit. In 2018, Brazil's trade deficit amounted to around 7.23 percent of GDP. For further information see GDP of Brazil. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Pakistan from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 36.67 percent of Pakistan's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows the development of the world population since the birth of Christ. 6.9 billion people were living on earth in 2010. Additional information on world population The global population has risen dramatically in the last 100 years from 1.65 billion in 1900 to surpassing 7 billion in 2011. The most significant driver of this population change has been the reduction of global mortality rates. Scientific research and well organized health policy implementation have ensured that epidemics such as the HIV/AIDS epidemic can be combated more effectively to save the lives of those at risk. Declining infant mortality rates are a triumphant example of health improvements, especially in North Africa and the Middle East. Infant mortality rates have also declined in more economically developed countries such as the United States. China and India are now the most populous countries in the world, together accounting for over one third of the world population. Recent trends suggest these countries will continue to have high fertility rates until they reach a higher level of economic development. The trend of fertility rates below 2.1 per women, the rate considered to be necessary to retain the population level, is evident in developed countries such as Singapore. However, countries such as Singapore can retain their population level through increased immigration rather than increasing fertility rates. Some critics have argued that the issue of population rise should regain a prominent place in the international political agenda. Recent studies including a 2014 study at the University of Washington have placed doubt on the claim that the global population will peak at 9 billion around 2050. The issue is important as growing populations place higher strain on both natural and public resources including healthcare and education. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditure on soaps and detergents per consumer unit in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the country's average expenditure on soaps and detergents amounted to 92.05 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. 
 This timeline shows the total number of employees of the LVMH Group worldwide from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the total number of employees of the LVMH Group worldwide was 156,000. 
 This statistic shows the number of gaming tables in casinos in Macao from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, there were 6,588 gaming tables in Macao. Gambling in Macao - additional information The number of gaming tables in Macao increased by more than 2,000 between 2007 and 2017. In 2017, there were 6,419 gaming tables in Macao. Macao is one of two Special Administrative Regions of the People’s Republic of China and gambling has been legal there since the mid-nineteenth century. Since then, the gambling and gaming industry has become a large part of Macao’s economy, generating almost 33 billion U.S. dollars in gross revenue in 2017, up from just 10.5 billion in 2007. As a result, Macao is now known to many as the “Monte Carlo of the Orient” and the Las Vegas Strip, America’s largest gambling market. In the first quarter of 2018, there were 41 casinos in Macao. Within these casinos, gamblers from all over the world play a variety of games of fortune, including roulette, black jack, baccarat, slot machines, Mahjong and poker, among many others. VIP baccarat, a card game played between two hands, generated by far the most revenue among the games of fortune in 2017 with around 18.6 billion U.S. dollars. There were many more slot machines than gaming tables in Macao’s casinos in 2017. With more than 15 thousand units, slot machines outweighed gaming tables by over nine thousand. Despite being much larger in number, slot machines made significantly smaller revenue than gaming tables at just 1.63 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Qatar from 2014 to 2017, with forecasts up to 2024. In 2017, the total population of Qatar amounted to approximately 2.66 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Belgium from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Belgium had amounted to about 2.31 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the homicide by firearm rate per 100,000 population in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, about 3.14 homicides by firearm per 100,000 population were committed in the U.S. 
 The amount of milk produced per cow in the United States has increased each year since 1999, from 17.76 thousand pounds per year to around 23.17 thousand pounds in 2018. This figure is expected to increase to 23.5 thousand pounds of milk per cow by 2019. Milk Production Worldwide On a global scale, the production volume of cow milk reached over 500 million metric tons in 2018 and is expected to increase slightly in the next year. In 2018, the 28 member states of the European Union produced the most milk of any country, by a large margin. The United States was the second leading producer of milk in that year. Declining Milk Consumption in the U.S. While the global production volume of milk, as well as milk production per cow have increased significantly over the last several years, per capita consumption of fluid milk in the United States has seen a steady decrease year after year. In 2000, the average American consumed around 197 pounds of milk over the course of the year, and by 2018, the per capita consumption of fluid milk stood at only 146 pounds. 
 This statistic shows public sector expenditure on national roads in the United Kingdom from 2011/12 to 2018/19. Public sector spending on national roads generally increased during this period, reaching 4.8 billion British pounds in 2018/19. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Cyprus from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Cyprus increased to about 0.78 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In total there are about 61 active dentists per every 100,000 people living in the United States, though there is significant variability in the number of dentists available depending on the state. As of 2017, California, Texas and New York had the largest number of active dentists working. California was ranked first with over 30 thousand active dentists. Despite having the largest number of dentists working, these states were not always the states with the highest number of dentists per population. Dentistry within the U.S. – a supply cliff? Recent estimates have suggested that the dentistry workforce in the U.S. is lacking by over 10,000 dentists. However, some states host a much higher number of dentists per population. The top states for the number of active dentists per population includes the District of Columbia, Massachusetts and Alaska. Despite variability across the U.S., attractive salaries may be one way to attract more dentists to practice. In a recent survey of dental professionals, dentists that worked in non-solo private practices had some of the highest annual incomes among all dentists. Dental access and use in the U.S. Dental use and access are staggeringly low in the United States. However, it is recommended that all people should visit their dentist regularly for cleaning and maintenance even if they have no dental issues. One barrier to dental care can be the high costs attached to some services and the lack of dental insurance to pay for care. While a majority of those that access dental services have some form of coverage to help them pay, a significant proportion of those accessing dental services are not covered by any type of insurance. Recommendations for increasing access to dental services include targeted public health programs, better insurance options and increasing the dental workforce within the U.S. 
 This statistic depicts broiler meat production worldwide from 2012 to 2019. In 2018, the world's broiler meat production amounted to about 95.5 million metric tons, and is forecasted to increase to about 97.8 million metric tones by the end of following year. 
 This statistic shows the annual net income/loss of Activision Blizzard worldwide from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, Activision Blizzard's net income amounted to 1.8 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to Olympic National Park in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to Olympic National Park amounted to approximately 3.25 million in 2019. After five years of year-on-year growth, visitor numbers at Olympic National Park dropped by around 300,000 in 2018, totaling 3.1 million for that year. Olympic National Park The park is situated just to the west of Seattle, covering the majority of the peninsula between Seattle and the Pacific Ocean. The park was originally declared a national monument by President Theodore Roosevelt in 1909, and was designated as a national park by Congress in 1938. It has also been declared as a World Heritage Site by the United Nations. In 2019, it was the ninth-most visited national park in the U.S, however visitor numbers are far behind the two most-visited national parks - Great Smoky Mountains National Park and the Grand Canyon National Park. Economic Benefits of national parks National parks not only provide aesthetic and environmental benefits for the community, but also economic benefits. The sale of entry fees, tours, accommodation, food & beverages, and souvenirs associated with national parks provide direct economic benefits to the surrounding community. The quality of infrastructure within and surrounding national park is also therefore important, as different types of accommodation will often generate different levels of spending. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Kazakhstan from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Kazakhstan amounted to about 6.03 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Carolina Panthers, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Carolina Panthers was 424 million U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Buffalo Bills from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Buffalo Bills was 68,839. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Chile from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Chile's real gross domestic product had increased by around 4.02 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows total civilian deaths occurred, due to fires, in the United States from 1977 to 2018. In 2018, there were 1,318,500 fires reported in the United States. These fires caused an estimated 3,655 civilian deaths. 
 This statistic presents the projected global m-commerce transaction value from 2014 to 2019. According to the source, worldwide mobile commerce revenues amounted to 96.34 billion U.S. dollars in 2015 and are set to surpass 693 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 Some people complain that these days couples are not willing to invest in their relationship anymore, that the first hurdle encountered is a reason for a separation, and that ‘till death do us part’ does not really mean anything anymore. But whether that is true or not, facts show that people in the Netherlands continuously wait longer to file for a divorce. In the last decade, the average duration of marriage at the time of a divorce has increased by nearly a year, from 14.2 years in 2008 to 15 in 2018. In the 1950s, this was even shorter. In 1950, the average divorced couple had been married for 11.2 years before divorcing. Increasing divorce rate What also increased between the 1950s and today however was the number of marriage dissolutions. In this period, the number of divorces more than tripled, from three per 1,000 couples to just over nine in 2018. That year, women on average were 44.3 years old when their marriage ended. Men were slightly older, at 47.6 years. Society and divorce Although segments of society still disapprove of divorcing, among a large share of the Dutch population getting a divorce is disappointing, but acceptable. A survey among the younger generation in the Netherlands in 2016 and 2017 found that over 80 percent of respondents thought it was sometimes necessary to end a marriage. Support was highest among the 26 to 34-year-olds, at 84 percent. 
 The suicide rate in Sweden was varying over the period from 2008 to 2018, between 11 and 13 suicides per hundred thousand inhabitants. In 2018, there were 12 suicides per hundred thousand inhabitants, same as the previous year. 
 Since 2000, the average annual wages in France have been increasing. In 2000, the average annual wages in France amounted to 31,247 euros. Since then the average wage in France has been increasing, despite a slight period of stagnation between 2006 and 2008. While the average annual wages were of 33,974 euros in 2008, they reached 37,162 euros in 2019. In 2019, most of French citizens earned between 1,000 and 2,999 euros a month. Higher wages Individuals aged between 50 and 54 years old had in average the highest annual salary income in France, while in 2019 most of French people do not appear to be satisfied with the amount of their current salary. However, with the increase of the average salary, the gross minimum wage also rose in the country. Employment in France The employment rate remained almost the same in France since the mid-2000s. In 2018, more than 25 million people were in employment in the countries. Most of French citizens were employees under a permanent contract. However, France is one of the Western European countries with the highest level of youth unemployment. As of January 2019, France had a youth unemployment rate of 20.1 percent. French aged between 15 and 24 years old appear to have difficulties finding a job after their studies. The 2008 economic crisis, as well as a lack of follow-up and support for young graduates, could explain this rampant issue for employment in France. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in basketball in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in basketball amounted to approximately 24.23 million. 
 The statistic represents Schindler Group's revenue between the fiscal year of 2007 and the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Swiss manufacturer of escalators and elevators generated about 10.9 billion Swiss francs (or about 11 billion U.S. dollars) in revenue. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Iraq from 2005 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the average inflation rate in Iraq amounted to about 0.1 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Iraq between 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Iraq’s real gross domestic product decreased by around 2.5 percent compared to the previous year. GDP is a reliable tool used to indicate the shape of a national economy. It is one of the most well-known and well-understood measurements of the state of a country. Gross domestic product, or GDP, is the total market value of all final services and goods that have been produced in a country within a given period of time, usually a year. 
 The term ‘fake news’ is used in multiple different contexts, but officially refers simply to false information presented as legitimate news. Adults in the United States believe social media platforms and online news sites to be the most likely sources of fake news – 58 percent of respondents to a survey believed that Facebook was the most likely place in which they would encounter false news stories, and 49 percent said the same about Twitter. A separate study revealed that 66 percent of U.S. adults believed that 76 percent or more of the news they saw on social media was biased. Social networks are generally not seen as credible or trustworthy news platforms – on a global level, social media was the least trusted source of general news and information. Why does social media fuel or help to spread fake news? Sadly, the main way in which fake news can be so quickly disseminated throughout not only one, but multiple social media platforms, is by users sharing such news with others (either knowingly or unknowingly). The ability to share content with friends and family is one of the key appeals of social networks, but the ease of doing so becomes somewhat sinister when it comes to the spread of false information. Ten percent of U.S. adults admitted to knowingly sharing fake news or information online, 49 percent said that they shared such content and later found out it was inaccurate or made up, and 52 percent admitted to having done either of these things. This is a serious cause for concern. Sharing news in good faith and later discovering it was fake is one thing, but deliberately and knowingly passing such content on to others is another. Many social media users blame the networks themselves for the spread of fake news. Whilst social platforms do make attempts to regulate the content shared on their sites, the more users who actively take responsibility for the content they choose to share and hold themselves accountable, the greater the overall impact. 
 In 2018, there were approximately 188.8 thousand healthcare physicians employed in the United Kingdom (UK). Since 2000, the number of physicians has increased by over 70 thousand, steadily growing year-on-year. This figure includes all physicians who provide services for patients, including specialized physicians. The doctor will see you now In a 2018 survey of British people, a fifth of respondents stated they consult with a primary care physician once a year, furthermore almost of a quarter of respondents stated they see a physician at least three times a year. When attending a doctor’s appointment, the experience is usually a positive one with over 95 percent of respondents of survey respondents having confidence and trust in their healthcare professional at their last appointment. The future of healthcare? Telemedicine is the process of using technology to diagnosis patients remotely. Only ten percent of British people have experienced telemedicine so far, however almost 40 percent would be willing to try it. Although, the issues that the British public would feel most uncomfortable discussing over technology are sexual health issues and mental health issues. Regarding the use of artificial intelligence (AI) in healthcare, individuals in England were most favorable to a device that could test their blood at home for a variety of health indicators. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Turkey from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is defined as the share of urban population in the total population. In 2018, 75.14 percent of the total population of Turkey lived in urban areas. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Miami Heat games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 56.55 U.S. dollars. Miami Heat - additional information The Miami Heat are an American professional basketball team playing in the National Basketball Association’s (NBA) Southeast Division of the Eastern Conference. The Heat joined the NBA in 1988 in Miami as an expansion team, but had limited success in its first seasons. In the mid 1990s however, it became a serious championship contender under the management of head coach Pat Riley. The team won its first NBA championship series in 2006, and then again in 2012 and 2013. Although it is a relative young team, with many ups and downs it its short history, the Miami Heat have gained a considerable following in the past decade. In a ranking of NBA teams according to the number of fans on Facebook, the Heat placed fourth, with over 16 million fans. This number places them ahead of more established teams with a rich history in the leagues, such as rivals Boston Celtics or New York Knicks, both established in 1946. The team has had on its roster some of the most famous basketball players of all times, such as Shaquille O’Neal and Alonzo Mourning, as well as the so-called “Big 3” - Chris Bosh, LeBron James and Dwyane Wade, which raised to stardom during the team’s run to the 2012 and 2013 championships. As of 2015, the total franchise value of the Miami Heat is estimated by Forbes at 1.175 billion U.S. dollars, slightly over the NBA average franchise value of 1.106 billion U.S. dollars. During the 2013/2014 season, the player expenses of the Miami Heat were estimated at 98 million U.S. dollars, the third highest team payroll in the entire NBA. During the same season, the team had an estimated revenue of 188 million U.S. dollars. The Miami Heat ticket prices for home games in 2014/15 have reached an estimated 78.3 U.S. dollars, some 20 U.S. dollars more than the overall league-wide average ticket price. 
 This statistic depicts the grape production worldwide from 2012/2013 to 2018/2019. During the marketing year 2018/2019, global grape production amounted to about 22.15 million metric tons. 
 The statistic shows Bajaj Auto's total revenue in the 2018 and 2019 fiscal years. During the fiscal year of 2019, the India-based company reported total revenue of approximately 319 billion Indian rupees or about 4.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Malaysia from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 17.1 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 21.8 million mobile phone internet users. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in South Africa from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in South Africa amounted to around 6,353.85 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows worldwide exports of corn from the United States between 2001 and 2019. In 2001, exports of corn from the United States came to over 1.9 billion bushels. Six years later, in 2007, about 2.4 billion bushels of corn have been exported from the United States. The United States was the largest producer of corn worldwide in 2016. 
 This statistic shows international inbound tourism by mode of transport in 2018. Air travel comprised the largest share of inbound tourism in 2018 with 58 percent. Travel by rail had the smallest share at just two percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles (St. Louis) Rams games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 118.09 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the smartphone penetration in Indonesia as share of the population from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 24 percent of the population in Indonesia used a smartphone. 
 This statistic shows the number of smartphone users in the U.S. from 2010 to 2023. For 2018, the number of smartphone users in the United States is estimated to reach 257.3 million. Smartphone users - additional information Advances in telecommunication technology have been significant in recent years. These advances have led to a level of connectivity never seen before. The number of smartphone users in the US has risen steadily over the last several years and forecasts estimate that smartphone penetration in North America will also continue to rise steadily into the future. The United States is one of the leading countries in the world with respect to adoption of smartphone technology. In America the most popular smartphone brands are Samsung and Apple, while the most popular smartphone operating systems / platforms with respect to market share are none other than Google Android and Apple’s own operating system, iOS. Other operating systems, such as Symbian, Blackberry OS, Bada and Windows have struggled to maintain a foothold in the market as iOS and Android clearly dominate the field. The first official smartphones came onto the market in the early 1990s. Initially a smartphone was classified by its ability to offer features like e-mail capability, internet access, QUERTY keyboards, personal digital assistant functions and perhaps a built-in camera. As of today, smartphones have progressed even more and we typically classify smartphones as having a high definition touchscreen, various apps, navigation tools and high-speed internet on the go. More recently sales of smartphones have even exceeded that of traditional feature phones as smartphone usage has continued to rise. 
 This statistic represents U.S. revenue generated with online apparel and accessories retail sales between 2017 and 2023. In 2018, retail e-commerce revenues from apparel and accessories sales amounted to 102.15 billion U.S. dollars and are projected to increase to 145.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2023. E-commerce revenue from apparel in the U.S. – additional information With retail e-commerce sales worldwide expected to reach just over four trillion U.S. dollars in 2020, the global e-commerce industry appears to show no signs of slowing down. The UK has the highest online shopping penetration rate in the world – 76 percent as of the fourth quarter of 2016. Both Germany and South Korea have penetration rates higher than 70 percent, while the United States ranks fifth with a 67 percent penetration rate. Apparel and accessories is also the most popular e-commerce category in the United States. Beauty and personal care products, as well as food items were also popular. 
 As of 2019, the Danish national fotball team, controlled by the Danish Football Association (Dansk Boldspil-Union), made the 10th position in the FIFA World Ranking. The highest position ever reached by the team was six in the years 1993 and 1996. So far, they already participated in one friendly match against Kosovo and three qualifiers for the UEFA Euro 2020. What is the FIFA World Ranking? The ranking, based on game results, is created by the International Federation of Association Football (FIFA). The most successful team is in first place. In general, the teams get points for single matches, determined by the relative strength of both opponents. These points must be added/ subtracted to get the final position in the ranking. For this, a new calculation model adapted from the Elo rating system is in use. FIFA World Cup 2018 – leading Danish players As of June 2018, Christian Eriksen’s market value was highest among all players of the Danish national football team. It amounted to 80 million euros and was followed by Andreas Christensen with a market value of 40 million euros. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Cincinnati Bengals from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Cincinnati Bengals was 47,179. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in current U.S. dollars in Puerto Rico from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Puerto Rico's gross domestic product amounted to around 101.13 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The year-end value of the S&P Case Shiller National Home Price Index amounted to 212.59 in 2019. The index value was equal to 100 as of January 2000, so if the index value is equal to 130 in a given year, for example, it means that the house prices increased by 30 percent since 2000. S&P/Case Shiller U.S. home indices – additional information The S&P Case Shiller National Home Price Index is calculated on a monthly basis and is based on the prices of single-family homes in nine U.S. Census divisions: New England, Middle Atlantic, East North Central, West North Central, South Atlantic, East South Central, West South Central, Mountain and Pacific. The index is the leading indicator of the American housing market and one of the indicators of the state of the broader economy. The index illustrates the trend of home prices and can be helpful during house purchase decisions. When house prices are rising, a house buyer might want to speed up the house purchase decision as the transaction costs can be much higher in the future. The S&P Case Shiller National Home Price Index has been on the rise since 2011. The index value increased from 140.64 in December 2010 to 212.59 in December 2019. The S&P Case Shiller National Home Price Index is one of the indices included in the S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Index Series. Other indices are the S&P/Case Shiller 20-City Composite Home Price Index, the S&P/Case Shiller 10-City Composite Home Price Index and twenty city composite indices. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Boston Celtics franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 304 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic above presents employment data for the U.S. motion picture and sound recording industry from 2001 to 2019. In January 2019, this industry employed an estimated 427.3 thousand people, down slightly from 429.8 recorded in the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Denmark from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Danish population was 41.6 years. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Pittsburgh Steelers, franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Pittsburgh Steelers was 439 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the retail sales of electric bicycles in China from 2010 through 2020. In 2015, some 14.35 million electric bikes were sold to customers in China. The country is the most important market for electric bikes worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the most popular video streaming services in the United States as of July 2018, ranked by reach. As of July 2018, YouTube was the most popular video streaming service, with a reach of 92.1 percent, whereas Netflix had a reach of 34 percent. 
 Between 1985 and 2014, the number of official golf courses increased from approximately three thousand to seven thousand, after which it experienced a slight decline. As of 2017, England is the leader with 1.87 thousand official golf courses followed by Germany and France with respectively 731 and 602 registered golf courses. The rise in the number of golf courses in Europe was accompanied with a rise in golf popularity. In the past 20 years, golf has been gaining popularity in Europe. In 1990, there were 1.71 million registered golfers in Europe, whereas in 2017, there were approximately 4.14 million registered golfers. Golf participation peaked in 2010, when 4.44 people were registered. Spain and Portugal are the most popular non-domestic golfing holiday destinations for golfers from Great Britain and Ireland. Approximately one third of the golfers in Ireland and Great Britain, who play at least ten times a year, went on a golfing holiday in Spain in 2017. Second and third in popularity as non-domestic golfing destinations” were Portugal and Ireland. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Bayer CropScience from 2005 to 2018. Bayer CropScience is a subgroup of the Bayer AG and produces products for crop protection and nonagricultural pest control. It is also active in seeds and plant traits. In 2005, Bayer CropScience generated around 5.9 billion euros of revenue. In 2016, the revenue of Bayer CropScience stood at almost ten billion euros. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Denmark from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Denmark's real gross domestic product increased by 1.49 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Cleveland Browns, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Cleveland Browns was 399 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows a ranking on the leading countries based on their share of Facebook users worldwide as of January 2018. During the measured period, the United States accounted for 11 percent of the global Facebook population. India accounted for 12 percent of total Facebook users worldwide, having finally overtaken the United States in terms of Facebook user figures. 
 The statistic shows a market share breakdown of the global smartwatch / consumer wearables market in 2014. Samsung's share of the smartwatch market was 23 percent. The smartwatch market - additional information The wearable technology industry is a new and expanding market, with rapidly growing revenues and innovative new players entering the market. The revenue of the global wearables market stood at almost 1.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2014 and is expected to grow to 5.8 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Wearable products include smart glasses, hearables, smart health devices, smart watches and fitness trackers or even smart jewelry and clothing. Smartwatches are devices worn around the wrist that feature a vast array of functions, aside from time-telling. They can collect data from the wearer’s body or environment, such as heart rate, calorie consumption, and blood pressure or outside temperature. Additionally, they can connect via Bluetooth to a smartphone and perform a number of actions, like GPS navigation or video-calling. According to forecasts, almost 25 million smartwatches will be sold in 2015 worldwide, 7.4 million units in North America alone. The revenue of smartwatch sales is predicted to reach 3.1 billion U.S. dollars in the United States in 2015. As of 2015, the leader of the smartwatch market is Samsung. Other important players are Pebble, Fitbit, Sony, Lenovo and LG. With the introduction of the Apple Watch at the beginning of 2015, Apple is expected to also become a strong competitor in the near future. A total of 89 companies debuted smart watches in 2014 and many more are expected to bring smartwatches to the market in 2015. 
 In 2018, there were about 11.85 million registered vessels in the United States, down from 11.96 million the previous year. Recreational boating - additional information According to the U.S. Coast Guard, there were just short of 12 million registered recreational boating vessels in the United States in 2016. The number of registered vessels grew steadily from 8.58 million in 1980, reaching peaks of 12.88 million in 2001 and 12.94 million in 2005, before gradually starting to decline. Recreational boating is the use of a boating vessel for leisure purposes. This often only involves travel on the water itself but can also include water related activities such as fishing. It is a popular activity in the U.S., with rising participation in recent years. In 2014, 87.3 million U.S. adults participated in recreational boating. The most popular type of boat used for recreational boating in the U.S. is the outboard boat. Outboard boats are usually small watercraft with a motor attached to the outside of vessel. While they are the most common type of boat in use, the number of outboard boats sold annually in the U.S. has declined significantly since 2000. In 2013, around 135 thousand outboard boats were sold at an average unit price of 22 thousand U.S. dollars. Between 2000 and 2013, the average unit price increased markedly, which is perhaps a reason for the declining sales volume during those years. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Romania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Romania amounted to around 12,269.84 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in the Bahamas from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in the Bahamas was at approximately 11.5 percent. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Sri Lanka from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Sri Lanka's gross domestic product amounted to around 88.9 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Croatia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Croatia amounted to about 1.5 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in South Africa from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in South Africa was at 53.18 percent. 
 This statistic presents the total contribution of travel and tourism to GDP in Greece from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. Over this period, the contribution of the travel and tourism industry to GDP in Greece has increased, reaching 35 billion euros in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Poland from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Polish population was 39.7 years. 
 The statistic illustrates a market size forecast of the worldwide portable navigation device (PND) and car navigation market from 2005 to 2015. The global PND and car navigation market size is projected to be 51 million units in 2015. 
 The timeline depicts how many inboard boats (ski/wakeboard boats) were sold in each year from 2000 to 2014. In 2010, 5,000 ski and wakeboard boats were sold in the United States, a decrease of 23.1 percent compared to the previous year. The average price of a ski/wakeboard boat in the U.S. was 57,442 U.S. dollars in 2010, this rose to 77,032 by 2013. More statistics and facts on recreational boating
 This statistic shows the total number of students enrolled in Canadian universities from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, around 1.34 million students were enrolled in Canadian universities. 
 This statistic presents the number of brand sponsored influencer posts on Instagram from 2016 to 2020. In 2018, there were 3.7 million brand sponsored influencer posts on the social platform. The volume of sponsored content on Instagram is projected to amount to 4.95 million posts in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the total number of farmers markets in the United States from 1994 to 2014. In 2014, there were a total of 8,268 directory listings for farmers markets throughout the United States. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Georgia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Georgia amounted to about 2.62 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue generated in the global sports market from 2005 to 2017. By 2017, the global sports market was expected to generate revenue of around 91 billion U.S. dollars. In that same year, revenue from the sports merchandising market in North America was expected to reach 14.2 billion U.S. dollars 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Carolina Panthers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Carolina Panthers was 72,220. 
 This statistic shows the upland spot cotton price per pound in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In calendar year 2017, the average spot price per one pound of upland cotton was about 86.4 U.S. cents. 
 The turnover of the Italian luxury brand Gianni Versace has increased twofold over the period surveyed, growing from roughly 214 million euros in 2011 to 508 million euros in the year 2018. Despite the steady increase in turnover during the period considered, the company reported a net loss of approximately 25 million euros in 2018. Worldwide recognition Founded in 1978 in Milan, Gianni Versace is one of the leading international fashion design houses. The company manufactures, distributes and retails fashion and lifestyle products including high-end clothing, accessories, jewelry, eyewear, fragrances, and home furnishings. The brand Versace is one of the symbols of Italian luxury worldwide and, thanks to a strong marketing strategy and a very recognizable style, the company ranks among the most followed luxury brands on Instagram, Facebook and Twitter . Italian brands, foreign ownership Due to unfavorable economic conditions in Italy, Versace is one among several Italian brands that was acquired by larger international groups. In 2018, Versace announced that it was acquired by the Group Michael Kors Limited (later renamed Capri Holdings Limited) forming a global fashion luxury group together with the brands Michael Kors and Jimmy Choo. 
 This statistic displays the number of asylum applications in Sweden in 2015 and 2016, with a forecast to 2020. In 2015, asylum applications made in Sweden amounted to roughly 163 thousands. 
 The statistic shows a growth forecast for the global home automation market in 2020 and shows the actual projected market value of the home automation market in 2013. For 2020, the global smart home automation market is forecasted to reach 21 billion U.S. dollars. The predicted compound annual growth rate between 2013 and 2020 should be 26.3 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditure on cleansing and toilet tissue, paper towels and napkins per consumer unit in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2017, the country's average expenditure on cleansing and toilet tissue, paper towels and napkins amounted to 119.8 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. 
 This statistic shows the direct investment position of the United States in Russia from 2000 to 2018, on a historical-cost basis. In 2018, the U.S. investments made in Russia were valued at approximately 17.8 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. direct investment abroad is defined as ownership by a U.S. investor of at least 10 percent of a foreign business. The direct investor is known as a U.S. parent, and the U.S.-owned foreign business is known as a foreign affiliate. The total direct position of the United States abroad amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 When the Grammy Awards were introduced in 1959, 28 different categories were available in which to win an award. In 2009, the number reached its highest level with 110 categories, and in 2019, awards were presented in 84 categories. Grammy Awards categories - additional information The first edition of the Grammy Awards (originally called the Gramophone Award) was held on May 4, 1959 simultaneously on both American coasts: one ceremony took place in the Grand Ballroom of the Beverly Hilton, in Los Angeles, while another function was held in New York City. On January 28, 2018 the award show held its 60th edition. The Grammys are awarded by members of the United States National Academy of Recording Arts and Sciences (NARAS) in recognition of excellence in the recording arts and sciences. Since the year 2000, the Latin Grammy Awards is a separate ceremony, which honors excellence in musical works recorded in either Spanish or Portuguese, notwithstanding their country of origin. The number of categories has fluctuated since the first edition of the Grammys, reflecting changes in the music industry in terms of technologies and trends. In the first edition, only 28 Grammy categories were presented, such as Best Vocal Performance, Best Jazz Performance, Best Comedy Performance and Best Recording for Children. Nowadays the Grammys recognizes music videos, films, and remixed recordings as well as traditional formats. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Washington Redskins, franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Washington Redskins was 493 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the number of pubs, bars and nightclubs in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2008 to 2012. There were 52,000 of these establishments, compared to almost 61,000 in 2008. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Uganda from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Uganda was at about 33.8 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic provides information on the social network penetration in India from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, it was estimated that 31 percent of the Indian population will be accessing social networks, up from 24 percent in 2018. 
 The trade union density for the United Kingdom in 2018 was 23.4 percent, an increase of 0.01 percent when compared with 2017. In 1995, the share of employees who were members of a trade union was 32.4 percent, nine percent more than 2018. Uniting the unions In 2016/17 one the biggest Trade Unions in the United Kingdom was Unite, with a membership of over 1.28 million people. Unite was created in 2007 through the merger of Amicus and the Transport and General Workers Union, with Amicus itself being created in 2002 through the merger of the Manufacturing Science and Finance Union and the Amalgamated Engineering and Electrical Union. Unions in decline The decline in union membership as well as the mergers of smaller unions has led to decrease in the number of trade unions. Compared with 1999/2000 there were 84 fewer unions in 2016/17. Of these unions seven had memberships of 250 thousand or more, and 23 had less than 100. 
 This graph shows the population density in the federal state of California from 1960 to 2018. In 2018, the population density of California stood at 253.9 residents per square mile of land area. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Curaçao national football team from 2011 to 2019. Curaçao appeared on the FIFA member list first in March 2011, as the successor of the Netherlands Antilles. As of 2019, Curaçao is placed 79th on the FIFA World Ranking. They reached their highest rank in 2016, with a 75th place, whereas their lowest ranking was in 2013, when they were positioned on a 178th place. 
 The statistic represents the total number of Medicare home health agencies in the United States from 1967 to 2017. In 2007, there were 9,024 such home health agencies. As of 2017 the number increased to some 11,593. Home health agencies (HHA) are primarily engaged in providing skilled nursing services and other therapeutic services. 
 This statistic represents the number of ABB Group employees from the fiscal year of 2010 to the fiscal year of 2018. In its 2018 fiscal year, the Switzerland-based electronics company employed 146,600 people worldwide. 
 This statistic presents the brand value of lululemon from 2012 to 2015. In 2015, lululemon's brand value was approximately 1.15 billion U.S. dollars.The athletic apparel producer is a lifestyle brand that is targeted primarily towards active females promoting a healthy, balanced and fun lifestyle. The company was founded in 1998 in Vancouver, British Columbia. 
 This timeline depicts book store sales in the United States from 1992 to 2018. In 2018, U.S. book store sales came to about 10.28 billion U.S. dollars down from 15.24 billion U.S. dollars in 2010. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of employees working at Whirlpool Corp. as of the end of the years 2005 to 2019. In 2019, the company employed approximately 77,000 employees. 
 This graph shows the population density in the federal state of Texas from 1960 to 2018. In 2018, the population density of Texas stood at 109.9 residents per square mile of land area. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Egypt from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Egypt was at 32.43 percent. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy at birth in China from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, the average life expectancy at birth in China had reached about 76.4 years.Demographic development in China – additional information Life expectancy at birth refers to the average number of years a group of people born in the same year would live, assuming constant mortality rates. The country with the highest life expectancy at birth was Japan, while China had reached a life expectancy above global average. People who were born in Japan in 2009 had a life expectancy of approximately 82.9 years on average. Whereas average life expectancy at birth has been growing steadily, birth rates in China have been experiencing a slowdown. In 2012, less than 12 babies had been born per 1,000 women in China. As a result of low fertility rates and the extended life expectancy in China, share of elderly people had been rising rapidly. The number of Chinese population aged 60 and older had more than doubled over the past three decades and is projected to reach its peak at 454.36 million in 2050. People aged 65 and older have been estimated to account for approximately one fourth of China’s total population, indicating a sharp climb from just above eight percent in 2010. In order to pinpoint this massive shift in the age pyramid of China, an important indicator for measuring the pressure of aging population on productive population may be consulted. The old-age dependency ratio in China was expected to reach 39 percent in 2050. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Hong Kong from 1950 to 2050*. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger. In 2015, the median age of Hong Kong's population was 43.2 years. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Uganda from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the population in Uganda was 15.9 years. 
 This timeline shows the projected year-on-year retail e-commerce sales growth in India from 2017 to 2022. In 2017, retail e-commerce sales revenues in India increased 24.8 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistics presents the unemployment rate in Australia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Unemployment occurs when people are without work, it is also known as joblessness. In order that the prevalence of unemployment can be measured, a calculation is made by the division of the number of unemployed individuals by all individuals currently in the labor force, this yields a percentage rate. In 2018, about 5.29 percent of the Australian population had been unemployed.Unemployment in Australia The rising rate of Australian unemployment and the employment slowdown poses a challenge for the new Australian administration. The prevalence of youth unemployment will be a particular challenge, as the rate of full-time jobseekers in the 15 to 19 year-old age group rose to 25.5 percent in early July. The adult unemployment rate in 2013 was at just over 5.6 percent. The problem of youth unemployment is a direct result of the marked reduction in the number of entry-level jobs in the labor market in the past few decades. With an ageing workforce and an even more rapidly aging population, the problem is set to become even more serious. There is little doubt that a high rate of unemployment among the youth will have an adverse affect on the future productivity and retirement of the workforce of today. The unemployment rate in Australia is a serious problem. Long term unemployment - and the unemployed youth especially - will result in the loss of productivity in Australia and put greater pressure on the health, welfare systems and other public services in the future. Unemployment inevitably leads to poor living standards and poverty, which is why it is something to be tackled. 
 This statistic depicts BP's expenditure on research and development from 2010 to 2018. In 2011, the company's R&D expenditure stood at approximately 636 million U.S. dollars. BP is a globally operating oil and gas company, and the eighth largest company generally worldwide as of 2017, measured by revenue. It is headquartered in London, UK. Until 2018, R&D spending decreased to some 429 million dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Rocky Mountain National Park in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Rocky Mountain National Park amounted to approximately 4.67 million in 2019. 
 This statistic represents the household consumption of electricity per capita in Malaysia from the year 2000 to 2016. In 2016, household consumption of electricity per capita in Malaysia was about 935 kilowatts per hour. 
 This statistic depicts the consolidated sales of L'Oreal worldwide from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, L'Oreal's consolidated sales worldwide amounted to about 27 billion euros. L'Oreal is the world's largest cosmetics and beauty company, concentrating on hair color, skin care, sun protection, make-up, perfumes, and hair care. By 2018, the beauty expert is forecast to generate sales of approximately 28.61 trillion euros worldwide. The company is also the leading nano-technology patent-holder in the United States. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for New Orleans Saints games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 97.72 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median hourly earnings for part-time employees (excluding overtime pay and hours) in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2006 to 2019. From 7.00 British pounds in 2006, the median hourly earnings for part-time employees increased by 2.94 pounds to reach the latest 2019 figure, amounting to 9.94 pounds. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Israel from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Israel had amounted to about 0.81 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the development of the world population from 1950 to 2050. The world population was around 7.38 billion people in 2015. The global population As shown above, the total number of people living on Earth has more than doubled since the 1950s, and continues to increase. A look at the development of the world population since the beginning of the Common Era shows that such a surge in numbers is unprecedented. The first significant rise in population occurred during the 14th century, after the Black Death had killed approximately 25 million people worldwide. Subsequently, the global population increased slowly but steadily until it reached record numbers between 1950 and 2000. The majority of the global population lives on the Asian continent, as a statistic of the world population by continent shows. In around 100 years, it is estimated that population levels on the African continent will have reached similar levels to those we see in Asia today. As for a forecast of the development of the world population, the figures are estimated to have reached more than 10 billion by the 22nd century. Growing population numbers pose an increasing risk to the planet, since rocketing numbers equal increased consumption of food and resources. Scientists worry that natural resources, such as oil, and food resources will become scarce, endangering the human race and, even more so, the world’s ecosystem. Nowadays, the number of undernourished / starving people worldwide has decreased slightly, but forecasts paint a darker picture. 
 This statistic shows the global eSports market revenue from 2012 to 2022. In 2018, the global eSports market was valued at nearly 865 million U.S. dollars. According to the source's estimates, global eSports market revenue will reach 1.79 billion U.S. dollars in 2022. The eSports industry is expected to grow rapidly in the coming years. In 2017, worldwide revenues generated in the eSports market amounted to 655 million U.S. dollars. At the pace of 22.3 percent CAGR, the market is expected to generate close to 1.8 billion U.S. dollars in revenue by 2022. The majority of these revenues come from sponsorships and advertising, and the rest from eSports betting, prize pools, tournaments, merchandise and ticket sales. In terms of revenues, Asia and North America represent the two largest eSports markets. While Asia contributed close to half of global eSports market revenue, generating 406 million U.S. dollars in 2017, the North American market brought in 392 million U.S. dollars in revenue, followed by the European market at 298 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of Twitter users in Saudi Arabia from 2014 to 2016. In 2015, the number of Twitter users in Saudi Arabia reached 4.57 million. 
 In 2020, Nicaragua was the Latin American country with the highest gender pay gap index, with 0.77 points. Mexico, on the other hand, had the worst score in the region with 0.46 points, which shows a gender pay gap of 54 percent (on average, women's income in Mexico was estimated to be 54 percent lower than men's). 
 This statistic shows the size of the employments in the Netherlands from 2010 to 2018, with projections up until 2020. In 2018, the Netherlands had employments of around 8.78 million people. 
 This statistic shows the number of families with a single mother in the U.S. from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, there were around 15.05 million families with a female householder and no spouse present in the United States. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Chicago Bears from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Chicago Bears was 61,916. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Nepal from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Nepal was around 1.25 percent. 
 This statistic presents the gross merchandise value (GMV) for Amazon.com from 2012 to 2015. As of 2015, Amazon's GMV amounted to 225.6 billion U.S. dollars, up from 166 billion U.S. dollars in the previous year. 
 Over the past decade, the birth rate in Italy has constantly decreased – in 2018 roughly 7.3 children were born per 1,000 inhabitants, about two infants less than in 2002. The region with the highest birth rate in the country was Torino-South Tyrol, where more than nine children were born per 1,000 of the population. Italian mothers older and older Similar to citizens of other European countries, Italians also postpone parenthood to a later age. While the average age of an Italian mother at childbirth in the 1990s was 29.9 years, in 2018 females giving birth were roughly two years older than women delivering at the end of the XXth twentieth century. Italy, a country with one of the lowest fertility rates in the world If compared with the fertility rates around the world, Italy turned out to be one of the 20 countries which registered the lowest fertility rate in 2017. The leader of the global ranking was Singapore, where roughly 0.8 babies were born per female. 
 This statistic shows the average annual price of American lobster in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, American lobster was priced at 4.15 U.S. dollars per pound on the average in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the global death toll due to earthquakes from 2000 to 2015. Around 9,624 people died worldwide in 2015 as a result of earthquakes. Earthquakes Earthquakes are typically caused by the movement of the earth crusts. These movements cause vibrations which pass through and around the world. Earthquake Early Warning systems use seismic networks to detect earthquakes very rapidly so that these warnings can protect peoples' lives. Nevertheless, an earthquake may cause injury and death. According to the U.S. Geological Survey, over 316,000 people were killed in the earthquake in Haiti in 2010. With a total number of 3,000 killed people, the earthquake in San Francisco on April 18, 1906 is the earthquake that caused the most fatalities within the United States. The number of fatalities includes people killed by earthquakes and resulting fires in San Francisco. The global number of deaths due to earthquakes varies from year to year. In 2010, about 320,120 people died as a result of earthquakes worldwide. In 2012 earthquakes only caused 768 fatalities. The world’s strongest earthquake in the time period from 1990 and 2013, according to measurement in the Richter scale, was the earthquake in Chile in 1960. With a magnitude of 9.5 this earthquake is the highest ranked earthquake. The Richter scale helps to quantify the energy released by an earthquake. The magnitude of 9.0 and higher is defined as ‘Near or at total destruction - severe damage or collapse to all buildings. Heavy damage and shaking extends to distant locations. Permanent changes in ground topography. Death toll usually over 50,000.’ 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Nepal from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Nepal was at about 26.7 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the share of the U.S. population who are monthly active users of Facebook from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 67.5 percent of Americans used Facebook regularly and in 2023, the share of the population using the social network is projected to decline to 65.9 percent. As of January 2019, the United States is the country with the second-most Facebook subscribers. 
 This graph shows the total number of passenger cars manufactured in the UK in selected years from 1972 to 2015 with growth in production forecast until 2018. Despite a major decline in 2009 compared with the 1972 record level, recent growth has led to predictions that volume will surpass this level in 2017, assuming steady growth. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Tampa Bay Buccaneers was 50,728. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Vietnam from 2017 to 2023. In 2021, it is estimated that there will be around 50.9 million social network users in the country, up from 52.8 million in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide production quantity of cocaine from 1994 to 2017. In 2017, the total production of cocaine worldwide was around 1,976 metric tons. 
 This statistic shows the total global production of lead metal from 2006 to 2018. Lead metal production In 2018, some 11.6 million metric tons of lead metal was produced globally. The base metal is usually extracted in combination with zinc, silver and copper. BHP Billiton, Glencore Xstrata, the Doe Run Company and Teck are counted among the largest lead mining companies worldwide. The major lead producing countries include China, Australia, the United States and Mexico. Batteries account for about 80 percent of worldwide lead consumption, and over two-thirds of the minor metal end up in car batteries. Other uses include the manufacture of paints and pigments and other chemical compounds. The growing production of electric cars and bicycles is likely to boost demand for lead over the next couple of years, with China presumably accounting for most of the growth. While lithium-ion batteries are expected to replace lead-acid batteries in the long run, Chinese demand for lead-based batteries remains strong. China’s lead production in 2017 accounted for 48.8 percent of the world's total. Global lead use 11.6 million metric tons in 2018, up from around 10 million metric tons in 2012, roughly a 9.5 percent increase over the five-year period. According to the London Metals Exchange, lead will steadily rise to reach 0.9 U.S. dollar cents per pound in 2020. 
 This statistic portrays the capacity of the world general cargo vessel fleet from 1980 through 2019. In 2019, the world general cargo ship fleet had a capacity of around 74 million metric tons deadweight. The capacity of the world's general cargo fleet increased marginally by 0.07 percent between 2018 and 2019 according to the source. 
 This statistic shows the number of people employed by agricultural equipment manufacturer AGCO from 2006 to 2018. According to the report, AGCO had a total workforce of 20,320 people in 2012. AGCO is headquartered in Duluth, Georgia, and is one of the world's leading manufacturers of agricultural equipment. 
 This statistic presents the common share prices of Royal Bank of Canada from 1995 to 2019. In 2019, the common share price of the leading Canadian bank amounted to 102.75 Canadian dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price in the National Basketball Association from the 2006/07 season to the 2015/16 season. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was at 46.99 U.S. dollars. 
 In the academic year 2018/19 there were approximately 3.04 thousand nursery schools in the United Kingdom, around 900 fewer than there were in the 2010/11 academic year. During 2017/18 nursery schools had the worst teacher to pupil ratio in the UK, with around 22 children for every one teacher. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Baltimore Orioles games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 29.95 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth rate of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in the United States from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. Real GDP is adjusted for price changes and is therefore regarded as a key indicator for economic growth. In 2018, the growth of the real gross domestic product in the United States was around 2.93 percent compared to the previous year. See U.S. GDP per capita and the US GDP for more information. Real gross domestic product (GDP) of the United States The gross domestic product (GDP) of a country is a crucial economic indicator, representing the market value of the total goods and services produced and offered by a country within a year, thus serving as one of the indicators of a country’s economic state. The real GDP of a country is defined as its gross domestic product adjusted for inflation. An international comparison of economic growth rates has ranked the United States alongside other major global economic players such as China and Russia in terms of real GDP growth. With further growth expected during the course of the coming years, as consumer confidence continues to improve, experts predict that the worst is over for the United States economy. A glance at US real GDP figures reveals an overall increase in growth, with sporadic slips into decline; the last recorded decline took place in Q1 2011. All in all, the economy of the United States can be considered ‘well set’, with exports and imports showing positive results. Apart from this fact, the United States remains one of the world’s leading exporting countries, having been surpassed only by China and tailed by Germany. It is also ranked first among the top global importers. Despite this, recent surveys revealing Americans’ assessments of the U.S. economy have yielded less optimistic results. Interestingly enough, this consensus has been mutual across the social and environmental spectrum. On the other hand, GDP is often used as an indicator for the standard of living in a country – and most Americans seem quite happy with theirs. 
 This graph displays Honda's projected vehicle production between 2012 and 2017. Honda's vehicle production is forecast to increase from about 3.8 million units in 2012 to about five million units by 2017. The company's compound annual growth rate (CAGR) is estimated to stand at 5.8 percent between 2012 and 2017. Honda is a brand of the Honda Motor Company, a multinational corporation with headquarters in Minato, Tokyo, Japan. 
 The statistic represents Rio Tinto's total revenue worldwide between 2001 and 2019. The Rio Tinto Group is a multinational exploration, development, production, and processing corporation. It is headquartered in London, UK. In 2019, Rio Tinto's gross sales revenue was 43.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the lumber production in the United States from 2006 to 2016. In 2015, the lumber production in the United States amounted to some 39,919 million board feet. 
 This statistic depicts a medium-term forecast for the global price of boric acid from 2015 to 2023. It is expected that the price of boric acid will reach 696 U.S. dollars per metric ton in 2016. Until 2023, the price is expected to increase up to 762 dollars. Boron occurs in some volcanic spring waters and in minerals as borates. It is predicted that due to rapidly increasing demand, a supply gap of borates may occur shortly after 2020. 
 This statistic shows the direct investment position of the United States in India from 2000 to 2018, on a historical-cost basis. In 2018, the U.S. investments made in India were valued at approximately 45.98 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. direct investment abroad is defined as ownership by a U.S. investor of at least 10 percent of a foreign business. The direct investor is known as a U.S. parent, and the U.S.-owned foreign business is known as a foreign affiliate. The total direct position of the U.S. abroad amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. International transactions statistics cover the foreign affiliates’ transactions with their U.S. parents, so these statistics focus on the U.S. parent’s share, or interest, in its affiliates rather than on the affiliates’ overall size or level of operations. The major items include capital flows, which measure the funds that U.S. parents provide to their foreign affiliates, and income, which measures the return on those funds. Direct investment position statistics are stocks and are cumulative; they measure the total outstanding level of U.S. direct investment abroad at year end. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Vietnam Veterans Memorial amounted to approximately 4.58 million in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Morocco from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Morocco was at 9.03 percent. 
 This graph shows the annual change in imports of trade goods and services from the United States from 1990 to 2018 with a forecast up to 2024. In 2018, U.S. imports of goods and services grew by 4.59 percent compared to 2017. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in Austria from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Austria was at 4.64 percent. 
 The birth rate in Belgium was stable between 2010 and 2016, peaking in 2010 at 1.84 children per woman. In the following years, the birth rate never decreased below 1.7, except in 2015, when the birth rate was 1.69. According to this forecast, between 2017 and 2020 the birth rate is expected to increase again slightly, until it is back at the 2010 level in 2020. In 2017, nearly 120,000 babies were born in Belgium. Children born per region In 2017, just over half of the babies born in Belgium were born in the Flemish Region, at over 64,500. By comparison, only 17,709 children were born in the Brussels-Capital Region that year. The remaining 36,900 babies came from the Walloon Region. Most mothers between 25 and 34 years old In 2016, the largest number of babies born in Belgium were born to mothers aged between 25 and 34, although 28 children were also born to mothers 50 years and older. One girl younger than 13 also gave birth that year. 
 The figure shows the share of households owning microwave ovens in Germany from 2008 to 2017. Over the time period under consideration, microwave oven ownership has decreased from 80 percent of respondents in 2008 to 65 percent in 2017. 
 The timeline shows the estimated retail per capita sales in the United States from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, retail sales amounted to about 15,522 U.S. dollars per capita. 
 This statistic shows the number of people living below the poverty line in the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, about 38.15 million people were living below the poverty line in the United States. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Russia from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Russia was at about 6.1 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Tunisia from 1984 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2016, the average inflation rate in Tunisia amounted to about 3.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of conceptions of under 16 girls ending in abortion in England and Wales from 2004 to 2017. The share of terminated pregnancies in this age group has remained around the same amount over the provided time period. In 2017, approximately 60.7 percent of the pregnancies led to abortion. 
 The statistic shows the United Kingdom's share of the global gross domestic product (GDP) adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, the United Kingdom's share of global GDP (in relation to PPP dollars) amounted to about 2.24 percent. 
 This statistic shows the expenditure on research and development of pharmaceutical company Roche from 2007 to 2019. Roche is a Swiss-based pharmaceutical company, and one of the leading pharma companies worldwide. In 2019, Roche's expenditure on research and development came to nearly 12 billion Swiss francs. 
 The statistic shows the luxury tax payments of the New York Yankees from 2003 to 2018. For the 2017 season the Yankees paid 15.7 million U.S. dollars in luxury tax. 
 The statistic displays the global gross domestic product (GDP) per capita from 2008 to 2018. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, global GDP per capita amounted to about 11,312 U.S. dollars. Gross domestic product and global economy The global economy suffered a major impact with the global financial crisis of 2008 but after a drop in global gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in 2009, the global economy recovered and reached record-high GDP per capita prices in 2013. Global GDP per capita has doubled over the past decade. Gross domestic product of industrial countries and emerging and developing countries combined is greater than GDP of all the other selected global regions combined, indicating economic prosperity and recovery despite some financial backsets. In the main industrialized and emerging countries, gross domestic product per capita is highest for the United States, followed by Germany and France. In the European Union, despite the financial crisis of 2008, GDP per capita has improved significantly. Another member of the European Union, Luxembourg, even reports the largest GDP per capita worldwide, followed by non-EU members Norway and Qatar. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the New Orleans Saints from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the New Orleans Saints was 73,082. 
 This statistic shows inbound visitor growth in the Middle East from 2011 to 2019. In 2016, inbound visitor numbers to the Middle East grew by 1.2 percent and by around 2.5 percent in the previous year, showing a decline compared to eight percent growth in 2014. 
 This statistic shows Johnson & Johnson's market share of the over-the-counter and nutritionals market worldwide from 2013 to 2021. In 2015, Johnson & Johnson's market share of the global over-the-counter and nutritionals market is estimated to be 3.27 percent. 
 This statistic illustrates the number of new passenger car registrations per year in Spain between 2000 and 2019. From 2009 to 2010 the number of new passenger car registration per year rose from approximately 955 thousand car registrations per year in 2009 to 985 thousand registrations in 2010. From 2010 to 2012 the number of new passenger car registrations declined from 985 thousand in 2010 to 700 thousand new registrations in 2012. After this plunge in registration numbers, the figures picked up again, climbing from 700 thousand in 2012 to more than 1.15 million in 2016. This rise in numbers of new passenger car registrations amounted to an percentage increase of almost 65 percent from 2012 to 2016.From 2015 to 2016 the number of new passenger car registrations per year in Spain, rose from 1.04 million new car registrations in 2015 to more than 1.15 million new registrations in 2016, this is an increase of approximately 11 percent from 2015 to 2016. In 2019 more than 1.3 million cars were registered in Spain. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of the 20 countries with the largest gross domestic product (GDP) at purchasing power parity in 2017. In 2017, Thailand ranked 20th with a PPP-adjusted GDP of about 1,240.05 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Greece from 2014 to 2018, with projections until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Greece was around 375.74 billion U.S. dollars. In a ranking of debt to GDP per country, Greece is currently ranked second. Greece's struggle after the financial crisis Greece is a developed country in the EU and is highly dependent on its service sector as well as its tourism sector in order to gain profits. After going through a large economic boom from the 1950s to the 1970s as well as somewhat high GDP growth in the early to mid 2000s, Greece’s economy took a turn for the worse and struggled intensively, primarily due to the Great Recession, the Euro crisis as well as its own debt crisis. National debt within the country saw significant gains over the past decades, however roughly came to a halt due to financial rescue packages issued from the European Union in order to help Greece maintain and improve their economical situation. The nation’s continuous rise in debt has overwhelmed its estimated GDP over the years, which can be attributed to poor government execution and unnecessary spending. Large sums of financial aid were taken from major European banks to help balance out these government-induced failures and to potentially help refuel the economy to encourage more spending, which in turn would decrease the country’s continuously rising unemployment rate. Investors, consumers and workers alike are struggling to see a bright future in Greece, whose chances of an economic comeback are much lower than that of other struggling countries such as Portugal and Italy. However, Greece's financial situation might improve in the future, as it is estimated that at least its national debt will decrease - slowly, but steadily. Still, since its future participation in the European Union is in limbo as of now, these figures can only be estimates, not predictions. 
 The statistic displays the total number of suicides committed in Japan from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, approximately 20.8 thousand people committed suicide in Japan. The numbers peaked in 2009 with around 32.8 thousand suicide victims in total. 
 This statistic shows outbound visitor growth in the Middle East from 2011 to 2019. In 2016, outbound visitor numbers from the Middle East decreased by 6.3 percent, while it was expected to grow by 3.1 percent in 2019. By 2020, the middle east is expected to have around 4.3 percent growth of outbound tourism. The region with the highest number of tourist arrivals in 2017 was Europe, with around 634.6 million international arrivals. 
 The statistic depicts the projected annual growth rate of the global sports market from 2011 to 2015. The sports market is expected to grow by 0.2 percent from 2012 to 2013. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of adults who use the internet in the United States from 2000 and 2019. In the most recent measured year, 90 percent of U.S. adults were reported to use the internet at least occasionally, up from 76 percent in 2010. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Peru from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Peru's gross domestic product amounted to around 225.37 billion U.S. dollars. Dropping mineral prices affect Peru's economy The economy of Peru is still strong and the prospect of significant future growth still remains, but overall GDP appears to be waning after a period of significant growth which took place between 2010 and 2013. The annual growth rate of Peruvian GDP was as high as 8.45 percent in 2010. Yet, the annual growth rate for 2014 was only a quarter of that, and future growth rates are expected to linger at around 4 percent. Much of this earlier growth can be attributed to the country’s mineral wealth in copper, silver, lead, zinc, oil and gold, but over the years, the price of many of these minerals has been on a decline. The price of many of these mineral resources began to decline in 2011, some decreasing significantly in price and others less so. The copper price has decreased, as has the price of lead and gold. The price of silver dropped significantly, too, and the impact of falling oil prices is being felt around the world. Zinc is the only aforementioned mineral whose price has remained stable. As the economy of Peru is directly linked to these resources and industry composes close to a 40 percent share of GDP, it is no wonder the economy of Peru has been impacted. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Atlanta Braves games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 29.44 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Pittsburgh Steelers from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Pittsburgh Steelers was 62,237. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Bangladesh from 2014 to 2024*. In 2018, the estimated total population of Bangladesh amounted to approximately 164.88 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. production of pumpkins from 2001 to 2018. In 2012, around 12.36 million cwt of pumpkins were produced in the United States. Pumpkins are especially popular around Halloween. 
 Between 2006 and 2018 arrivals of both domestic and foreign guests at accommodation establishments in Italy have increased. In 2018 there were over 128 million arrivals at tourist accommodation in Italy, compared to 96 million ten years earlier. 
 The number of hospital beds in the United Kingdom has undergone a decline since the year 2000. Whereas in 2000, there were over 241 thousand beds in the UK, by 2017 this figure was approximately 167.6 thousand. This means over this sixteen-year period there were over 70 thousand fewer hospital beds in the UK. Fewer beds but admissions are still high There were almost 1.4 million admissions to hospital between January and March 2018 in England. This quarterly figure of admissions has remained fairly consistent since 2014. The busiest hospital trust in England by admissions in the year 2017/18 was the Manchester University Hospitals Foundation Trust with almost 305 thousand admissions. The average length of stay in hospitals in the UK between 2013 to 2016 for acute care was six days. Accident and Emergency In the third quarter of 2017/18, A&E in England received over six million attendees. The number of attendances has been creeping upwards since 2012. 6.7 percent of people attending A&E in the last year were diagnosed with a dislocation, fracture, joint injury or amputation, followed by 6.2 percent with a respiratory condition. 
 In 2018, the total turnover of companies producing chocolate and confectionary was approximately four billion British pounds. Between 2011 and 2018 the turnover fluctuated. However, prior to 2011 turnover was much higher, reaching over five billion pounds in 2008. While turnover is down, the number of enterprises operating in the sector has risen. PRODCOM survey The data shown here comes from the UK Manufacturers' Sales by Product survey (called PRODCOM from “PRODuction COMmunautaire”). The survey is mandated by EU regulations. The aim is to provide a complete overview of the developments of industrial production in the EU area and make country comparisons possible. The data comes directly from the companies which are surveyed by the national statistical institutes of each country. UK producers’ sales of chocolate and confectionary The same drop that is visible in companies’ overall turnover is also visible in the sales value of chocolate, and confectionary manufactured in the UK. In 2011, the sales value dropped by 50 percent compared to 2010, amounting to 155 million British pounds. The sales value recovered slightly and amounted to 207 million pounds in 2017. Sugar confectionary saw a sales drop in 2012 but has not since recovered. 
 The statistic shows the size of the OpenStack market from 2014 to 2021. In 2018, the OpenStack market was expected to be worth 3.46 billion U.S. dollars. OpenStack is a cloud operating system, providing access to various computing resources, such as compute, storage, and network, across a data center. It is used primarily as Infrastructure as a Service. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Uganda from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Uganda was at 1.79 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for San Francisco 49ers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 116.98 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the share of mobile banking users among mobile phone owners in the United States from 2009 to 2011 and a forecast thereof until 2016. In 2011, 29 percent of the mobile phone owners accessed banking services on their mobile phones and this number was predicted to increase to 51 percent in 2016. Mobile banking – additional information Mobile phones are one of the most popular devices owned, and are used for personal and business purposes by people worldwide. In the United States, the mobile phone penetration rate reached 78.1 percent in 2013 and 81.5 percent of the population was predicted to have a mobile phone by 2018. Following the development of smartphone technology, mobile banking is gradually becoming a more popular channel of client communication with banks. The number of mobile banking users in the United States was projected to increase from 57 million in 2011 to 111 million in 2016. The use of mobile banking is most popular among users in the 18-29 age group. The most common activities related to mobile banking are checking account balances or recent transactions, downloading mobile bank applications and transferring money. Although the possibility of accessing bank services in any place is very convenient, a lot of people decide not to use this option. Reasons for not using mobile banking services include transaction security concerns, lack of necessity to use mobile banking as traditional banking channels meet the customer’s needs, and inconvenience of performing banking operations on the relatively small screen of a mobile phone. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Spain from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in Spain was around 1.43 trillion U.S. dollars. For comparison, global GDP was estimated at almost more than 77 trillion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 This statistic shows the forecast change in value of the United Kingdom (UK) rental market between 2015 and 2019. It is expected that in 2017 the rental market value will grow by three percent. 
 This statistic shows the net income of Chuck E. Cheese's worldwide from 2007 to 2018. Family-style restaurant chain Chuck E. Cheese's made a net income (loss) of approximately -20.46 million U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows Sanofi's expenditure on research and development from 2008 to 2018. In 2008, Sanofi's R&D expenditure came to approximately 4.58 billion euros. Sanofi is one of the top pharmaceutical companies worldwide. It is headquartered in Paris, France. Until 2018, Sanofi's expenses on research and development increased to nearly 5.9 billion euros. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Houston Rockets games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 38.64 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the public spending ratio in China from 2008 to 2018, with forecasts until 2024. In 2018, the ratio ranged at about 33.99 percent of GDP. Public spending ratio denotes the relationship between public spending and gross domestic product (GDP). 
 The timeline shows teh value of the music market worldwide in 2015 as well as a forecast thereof for 2020. The source projected the value would increase from 33.87 to 43.49 billion U.S. dollars in the presented period. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Singapore from 1984 to 2024*. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Singapore amounted to around 64,578.77 U.S. dollars. For comparison, the country with the largest GDP per capita is currently Luxembourg with approximately 96 thousand dollars in 2015. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to the gross domestic product (GDP) in Brazil from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the government expenditure in Brazil amounted to about 38.49 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 According to a survey conducted by the Organization for Economic Cooperation and Development (OECD), the number of hospitals in France steadily decreased between the years 2000 and 2012, going from 3,120 to 2,657 within twelve years. Nevertheless, this trend was abruptly reverted during the first year of the Hollande Presidency: the number of hospitals jumped from 2,657 in 2012 to 3,192 in 2013. The number of Public Hospitals in France have increased during Hollande’s presidency During the first year of the former French president François Hollande Presidency, the number of publicly owned hospitals in France also increased at an abrupt pace, going from 928 in 2012 to 1,458 hospitals in 2013. However, the number of individuals employed in the public health system or in all hospitals increased only slightly during the first three years of Hollande’s Presidency, going from around 1,298 thousand employees in 2013 to 1.3 million in 2015. The French Public Health System covers much of the per capita health expenses In 2019, the French Health System accounted for a small fraction of the public budget. In fact, only around 1,4 billion euros were destined to public health, compared to 44 billion euros allocated to for Defense. Yet, the health spending per capita in France is one of the highest among other develop countries. According to 2016 figures, around 4,600 U.S. dollars were spent per person in healthcare, of which 3,626 U.S. dollars were covered by the public health system. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Portugal from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Portugal's real gross domestic product increased by around 2.44 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of people employed in the United States mining industry from 1998 to 2018. In 2018, there were some 672,000 people employed by the U.S. mining industry. The U.S. mining industry has been active since colonial times, and continues to be an important industry. 
 This statistic displays a timeline of the number of TV ads seen per individual per day in the United Kingdom from 2008 to 2015. In 2012, individuals saw on average 47 television commercials or advertisements per day. 
 The statistic shows U.S. sales of shampoo via different sales channels in 2011/2012. In that year, U.S. sales of shampoo via drug outlets amounted to 455.9 million U.S. dollars. Total U.S. shampoo sales were 1.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2011/2012.Hair Care Products MarketHair care is a dynamic and complex market, driven by the fundamental fact that people are always looking for hair that is more beautiful, healthier and easier to style. Consumers look for brands and products that meet their needs emotionally, delivering on the desire to have beautiful hair and functionally, to combat common hair problems. They frequently look for new products to address their hair concerns or to achieve a desired look. Shoppers want efficacious, technology-driven beauty products that deliver results.Innovation is critical in the hair category because consumers, predominantly women, have an evolving cycle of hair concerns and are constantly changing their hairstyle. This is an exciting time for the hair care category. The segment is always evolving as personal care manufacturers continue to introduce new offerings that meet consumer needs. In recent years, the hair care category has evolved from an industry dominated by monolithic mega-brands offering something for everyone to brands and products with customized solutions and ranges that address their unique needs. In the past, consumers had to visit a salon or specialty store for personalized hair care products, but today they can easily find tailored hair care solutions at grocery, drug and mass retailers. 
 This statistic shows the number of fatal shootings by police in England and Wales from 2004/05 to 2018/19. During this period, the number of fatal shootings by police fluctuated, peaking in 2016/17 at 6 shootings. By 2018/19 it fell down to 3 shootings. 
 As of 2020, Amazon was the most valuable brand in the world with an estimated brand value of about 221 billion U.S. dollars. Google, which was the second leading brand in the world, had a brand value of about 160 billion U.S. dollars that year. Brand value Brand value, not to be mistaken with brand equity, is a phrase used in the marketing industry to describe the value of brands based on the implication that the owner of a well-known brand name can generate more money than from products with a less well known name, brand valuation is the estimation of a brands total value. This is achieved by following the International Organization for Standardization's ISO 10668 standard which maps out the appropriate process of valuing brands by adhering to six key requirements: transparency, validity, reliability, sufficiency, objectivity and financial, behavioral and legal parameters. A brand is an intangible asset (name, term, design, symbol or any other feature) identifies one seller's product from another and is often a corporation's most valued asset. Strong brands enhance business performance primarily through their influence on three key stakeholder groups: (current and prospective) customers, employees and investors. They influence customer choice and create loyalty; attract, retain, and motivate talent; and lower the cost of financing. For example, Google is one of the most recognized brands in the world. In North America alone the brand's value amounted to approximately 313.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2019. Ultimately, brands help shape perceptions and, therefore, purchasing behavior, making products and service less substitutable. Brands, therefore, create economic value by generating higher returns and growth, and by mitigating risk. 
 This statistic shows the electronics components total available market size worldwide from 2014 to 2018. In 2014, the electronics components total available market had a size of 303 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This timeline shows the net sales of Tiffany and Co. worldwide from 2011 to 2018. In 2016, global net sales of Tiffany & Co. amounted to approximately 4 billion U.S. dollars.Jewelry Retail Market WorldwideThe global jewelry industry seems poised for a glittering future as consumer appetite for jewelry, which was dampened by the global recession, now appears more voracious than ever. The jewlery market is personified by stifling competition. The sector sways between inexpensive jewelry pieces for daily wear, to special items like engagement rings and watches meant for celebrating special events, to investment pieces priced and sold similarly to antique pieces and fine art.Tiffany & Company is one of the leading competitors in the jewelry retail industry. The merchandise offerings include jewelry, timepieces, sterling silverware, china, crystal, stationery, fragrances and accessories. In 2016, Tiffany & Co. generated net sales of about 4 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. Fashion jewelry was the company's most engrossing product segment, generating about 1.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. Tiffany has adopted multiple direct distribution channels. This strategy has enabled the company to emerge as a prominent player in the jewelry and specialty retailer segment.Tiffany is one of the leading brand names in the fine jewelry market and as a result, is one of the world's premier jewelry designers and retailers. "Money makes the world go round," goes the refrain of a song from the 1972 musical movie, Cabaret. Just as this was true for Sally Bowles, the character played by Liza Minnelli, it is also the driving influence of the jewelry market. Personal income and the growing number of working women since 2009 has led to impressive growth, thus expanding the boundaries of its existing realm. 
 This statistic shows Inditex Group's number of stores in Asia and Africa as of January 31, 2019, by country. The number of Inditex stores in China amounted to 589. Inditex is one of the world's largest fashion retailers. It is headquartered in Arteixo, Spain. The Group has eight store formats: Zara, Pull & Bear, Massimo Dutti, Bershka, Stradivarius, Oysho, Zara Home, and Uterqüe. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. KFC's ACSI score was 78 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Colombia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Colombian population was 29.5 years. 
 This statistic shows the Ukrainian gross domestic product (GDP) per capita from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ukraine's GDP per capita amounted to approximately 3,112.88 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Egypt from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 42.7 percent of Egypt's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 In 2019, the public sector expenditure on defense in the United Kingdom was 40.2 billion British pounds, a 1.5 billion increase from 2017/18. Compared with 2000/01 when the UK spent approximately 25.7 billion pounds, there has been a net increase of 14.5 billion pounds. NATO and the two percent pledge The United Kingdom is a founding member of the North Atlantic Treaty Organization (NATO) a military and political alliance initiated on the principle that an attack on one member is an attack on all. Members of NATO are expected to spend at least two percent of their Gross-Domestic Product on defense, a target which the United Kingdom just missed between 2015/16 and 2017/18 when it was 1.9 percent. Prior to 2016 the United Kingdom’s defense spending was always above this target and was higher than three percent of GDP before the mid-1990s. Global military spending Compared with the rest of the world, the United Kingdom spent the seventh most on defense, less than the United States, China, Saudi Arabia, India, France and Russia, but slightly more than Germany. In terms of military spending as a share of GDP, the UK was behind eight other countries, especially Saudi Arabia which spent 8.8 percent of it’s GDP on defense. 
 The total sales volume of passenger cars in the Netherlands fluctuated mainly between 400 thousand and 550 thousand from 2010 to 2019. The highest volume was reached in 2011 with 555,920 volumes sold, the lowest in 2014 with 387,572. Between 2016 and 2019, the number of passenger cars increased by approximately 63,000. Regarding the fuel types of passenger cars sold, most of these cars were petrol fueled. 75.4 percent of all sold cars had a petrol engine, whereas 12.9 percent had a diesel engine. However, most interestingly, the sales volume of electric fueled cars has increased. In 2011 electric fueled cars had a share of 0.2 percent, whereas in 2018 the share rose to 5.4 percent. It is a significant increase, even though it is a relatively small percentage compared to the petrol fueled cars. German cars popular With 50,190 passenger cars sold, Volkswagen had the highest sales volume of passenger cars in the Netherlands in 2018. This is roughly 12,000 and 14,000 more than Renault and Opel. Skoda, Audi and Seat, brands which occur in the top 20 leading brands, are part of the Volkswagen Group. These brands together had a sales volume of 42,500, which is roughly one-fourth of the total sales volume of all listed brands. Looking at the sales volume of car models, Volkswagen was with their Polo model the leading manufacturer as well with 14,585 volumes sold in 2018. Tesla with the highest revenue growth Considering the revenue of newly registered passenger cars in the Netherlands, Volkswagen had the highest revenue with approximately 1.6 billion euros in 2018. However, the highest value growth was achieved by the electric vehicle brand Tesla. In 2017, the revenue of Tesla amounted to 397 million euros, whereas by 2018 the numbers increased to 972 million euros. 
 The statistics show the global military spending during the years 2001 and 2018. In 2018, the world's military spending amounted to 1.78 trillion U.S. dollars, compared to 1.1 trillion U.S. dollars in 2001. 
 This statistic depicts the number of pirate attacks against ships worldwide from 2010 through 2019. There were 162 such incidents in 2019. Pirate attacks Although the term “pirate” may conjure up images of bearded men with eye patches, wooden legs and parrots who were convicted and buried centuries ago, pirate attacks are indeed posing a threat to today’s shipping lines all over the world. Contemporary maritime piracy reached its peak level in 2010, with around 445 reported incidents. The regions most likely to come under threat from pirate attacks include Indonesia, the Malaysia, and Nigeria. Here, pirates are attracted by the abundance of natural resources in the countries themselves or in adjacent areas. Strategic passages for oil transport such as Bab-el-Mandeb, near Somalia, or the Strait of Malacca off the Indonesian coast have become notorious targets for maritime crime. In 2013, oil tankers shipped 15.2 million barrels of oil per day through the Strait of Malacca; this exceeds the daily volume of oil imported into the whole of the European Union. With oil prices hovering around 70 U.S. dollars per barrel in 2018, the hijacking of a crude oil tanker sounds like a promising deal for pirates. In 2017, Venezuela was thrust into the limelight: Here, the number of incidents rose from five to 12 between 2016 and 2017. It is often the crew and the pirates themselves who pay most dearly for maritime crime. In Somali waters, at least 149 crew members were held hostage in 2011, and over 100 pirates were killed - mostly by naval forces such as armed guards, who are increasingly seen to be of central importance to the protection of merchant ships. 
 This timeline presents the value of the Thai entertainment and media market from 2008 to 2011 and provides a forecast until 2017. In 2011, the entertainment and media market in Thailand was worth over 7.93 billion U.S. dollars and PwC expected it to reach 14.79 billion by 2017. Here you can find a distribution of the value by subsector. 
 This statistic shows the change in the price of gasoline per liter in selected countries for the period between December 2018 and December 2019. The price changes concern unleaded premium (95 RON) for France, Germany, Italy, Spain, and the United Kingdom, and regular unleaded for Canada, Japan, and the United States. In December 2019, the gasoline price per liter in the U.S. was eight percent higher than it was in December 2018. Gasoline prices worldwide The price of gasoline is a frequently discussed issue, and is a part of almost everybody’s life in developed countries. Gasoline prices worldwide are dependent of a number of factors: crude oil prices, costs for processing and distribution, demand, strength of currencies, taxation, and availability. The most influential factor is the crude oil price. This price includes the costs for exploration, extraction, and transport. What the consumer pays in the end is also an issue of national oil pricing policy. Typical regions with high taxes on gasoline are European countries and Japan. Other countries keep consumer prices low by subsidizing the costs for gasoline. Among latter countries are the United States, Saudi Arabia, Iran, Venezuela, Egypt, Malaysia, Bolivia, and others. There are many other factors, however, which directly influence the price of gasoline. Wars, crises, and natural disasters in oil producing regions, for example, can obstruct the production and transportation, and thus cause higher crude oil prices. Last but not least, the end-consumer defines the price through his or her demand. A higher number of people driving cars means higher prices for gasoline, which is often the case in the summer months or holiday seasons. The gasoline prices in this statistic are compared based on unleaded premium gasoline (RON 95) for France, Germany, Italy, Spain and the United Kingdom, and regular unleaded gasoline for Canada, Japan and the United States (AKI 87). RON stands for Research Octane Number, while AKI means Anti-Knock Index. Both represent the most common octane rating in the countries shown. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Ghana from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Ghana's gross domestic product amounted to around 65.52 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Chicago Bears, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Chicago Bears was 453 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic provides information on the internet usage penetration in South Africa from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 63.8 percent of the South African population were internet users. This share is projected to grow to 80.8 percent in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the number of cases of child abuse in the U.S. from 1990 to 2010. In 1990, about 690,658 cases were reported. 
 This statistic displays a forecast of the annual value of capital expenditures in the chemical industry worldwide from 2019 to 2023. In 2023, the total capital expenditure in the global chemical industry is expected to reach 239 billion U.S. dollars. Appreciation of the U.S. dollar is likely to reduce costs and increase production in the chemical industry. The capacity of the chemical industry is also continuing to increase and will likely contribute to innovation and more efficient production. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Tanzania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Tanzania's gross domestic product amounted to around 56.85 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Tennessee Titans from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Tennessee Titans was 64,509. 
 In the academic year 2018/19 there were approximately 32.1 thousand schools in the United Kingdom, around 655 schools less than there were in the 2010/11 academic year. Throughout most of this period there has been a steady decline in the number of schools in the United Kingdom. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the San Francisco Giants from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the San Francisco Giants was 33,429. • San Francisco Giants total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the circulation of daily newspapers in Germany in selected years from 1991 to 2019. In 1991, German daily newspapers had a daily circulation of roughly 27.3 million copies. Twenty years later, circulation figures amounted to less than 19 million copies. German daily newspaper circulation has been declining steadily during the evaluation period. As of 2019, the number of copies sold amounted to 13.5 million - a steep drop compared to the figures from 1991. Several key factors contribute to these developments include the expansion and rapid advancement of online news media, with consumers switching to finding the information they search for online instead of in print, as well as rising mobility and the desire to use media and read news on the go. Last but not least, the continuing rapid development and use of mobile devices such as tablets or mobile phones also changes news media preferences among consumers, particularly in regard to print media, and among these, daily newspapers. 
 This statistic represents Bombardier's revenue between the 2007 and 2018 fiscal years. In the 2018 fiscal year, the manufacturer of regional aircraft, business jets, mass transportation equipment and recreational equipment had revenues of 16.2 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the raw value of sugar imports to the United States from 2009/2010 to 2018/2019. In 2016/2017, the United States imported approximately 2.94 million metric tons of sugar. 
 This statistic presents the global revenue of U.S. advertising network Omnicom from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the Omnicom Group generated a global revenue of 15.29 billion U.S. dollars, slight increase from 15.27 billion a year earlier. Here you can find out which of Omnicom's operating sectors generates the most revenue. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Argentina from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Argentinian population was 30.5 years. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Angels games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 30.92 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees of Credit Suisse from 2005 to 2018 worldwide. In 2018, Credit Suisse employed 45,680 people. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in South Sudan from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in South Sudan amounted to about 83.49 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph shows a forecast of the Gross Domestic Product of the United States of America for fiscal years 2019 to 2030. The Gross Domestic Product (GDP) refers to the market value of all final goods and services produced within a country in a given period. According to the CBO, the United States GDP will increase steadily over the next decade from 21.22 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019 to 32 trillion U.S. dollars in 2030. The annual GDP of the United States for recent years can be found here. Also, view the monthly inflation rate for the country. 
 The timeline presents data on textbook publishing revenue generated in the United States from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue amounted to 8.79 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline shows Caterpillar's expenses for research and development from the fiscal year of 2007 to the fiscal year of 2018. Caterpillar's expenses for research and development accounted for around 1.85 billion U.S. dollars in the fiscal year of 2018. 
 This statistic shows the net income of Capcom worldwide in the fiscal years 2002 to 2019. In the fiscal year 2019, Capcom's net income amounted to 12.55 billion yen, up from 10.94 billion yen a year earlier. 
 The average daily temperature in the United Kingdom (UK) has remained relatively stable since 2001, with temperatures rarely straying below 10 degrees Celsius. In 2019, the UK had and average daily temperature of 10.5 degrees Celsius. The highest average daily temperature during the period shown was recorded in 2014 at 10.9 degrees Celsius. On average, temperatures across the UK are warmest in England. British summertime Britain is not known for its blisteringly hot summer months, with the average temperatures in this season varying greatly since 1990. In 1993, the average summer temperature was as low as 13.39 degrees Celsius, whilst 2018 saw a peak of 15.8 degrees Celsius. In the same year, the highest mean temperature occurred in July at 17.3 degrees Celsius. Variable weather Due to its location and the fact that it is an island, the United Kingdom experiences a diverse range of weather, sometimes in the same day. It is in an area where five air masses meet, creating a weather front. Each brings different weather conditions, such as hot, dry air from North Africa and wet and cold air from the Arctic. 
 This statistic displays Google's operating income from 2013 through 2019. In 2019, the internet company's operating income amounted to 41.67 billion U.S. dollars. Google is the main revenue generator of online business conglomerate Alphabet. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Singapore from 1984 to 2018, with forecasts up to 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Singapore's gross domestic product amounted to around 364.14 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Wyndham Worldwide from 2005 to 2017. Global hotel company Wyndham Worldwide Corporation generated approximately 5.1 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2017. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the New York Giants from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the New York Giants was 74,664. 
 This statistic illustrates the proportion of young people who read magazines outside of class in the United Kingdom from 2005 to 2015. The percentage of school children aged 8 to 18 years who read magazines declined since 2005, and was 43.1 percent in 2015. Magazines ranked highly among media read by young people.
 This statistic shows the national debt of Italy from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Italy was around 2.56 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the number of hours per week that the survey respondents spend on consuming sports on average in the United States from 2011 to 2013. In 2012, that number was at 8.1 hours per week. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of pork in the United States from 2015 to 2018 and provides a forecast until 2028. The U.S. per capita consumption of pork amounted to 50.8 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Albania from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Albania amounted to about 2.03 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the projected worldwide smart watches shipments from 2013 to 2015. Shipments of smart watches are forecast to total around 25 million units in 2015. 
 This statistic provides information on the internet usage penetration in Saudi Arabia from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 74.81 percent of the Saudi population were internet users. This share is projected to grow to 96.44 percent in 2023. 
 Between 2008 and 2018, each year roughly between 134,000 and 153,000 people died in the Netherlands. From 2014 onwards, the number of deaths increased annually, peaking in 2018 at roughly 153,000. That year, women were on average 81 years old when they died, men were five years younger. Neoplasms most common cause of death The most common causes of death in 2018 were neoplasms and diseases of the circulatory system, which made approximately 46,600 and 37,800 victims respectively. That year, five women died as a result of pregnancy complications and childbirth in the Netherlands. Fatal skin diseases were relatively rare as well, with less than 300 deaths. Birth excess The Netherlands has a birth excess: each year the number of live births exceeds the number of deaths in the country. Although some 150,000 people died in 2018, the birth of nearly 170,000 babies meant the Netherlands still had a birth excess of over 15,000. In the last decade, the birth excess dropped considerably though, from nearly 50,000 people in 2008 to under 20,000 in 2018. 
 During the period from 2009 to 2019, the highest number of babies born in Sweden was in 2016, when over 117 thousand births occurred. In 2019, about 115 thousand babies were born in Sweden. Within the last decade, there were yearly more baby boys than baby girls being born. Lowest fertility rate in a ten-year period Though the number of babies born increased over time, the fertility rate reached the lowest point in a ten-year period in 2019. The fertility rate is defined as the number of children that would be born or are likely to be born to a woman if she lives to the end of her reproductive years, and in 2018 it was down to 1.7 children per woman in Sweden. Lowest crude rate of birth in thirteen years As with the fertility rate, the crude birth rate in 2019 was at its lowest point for several years as well. It is defined as the number of live births in a given geographical area in a given time period, per thousand mid-year population, and it was down to 11.1 in 2019, which was the lowest number in the past decade. 
 The statistic above presents estimation data on the annual aggregate revenue of the American broadcasting industry from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, U.S. broadcasters generated an estimated total revenue of 168.84 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Chicago Bears games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 124.51 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts toothpaste sales via different sales channels in the United States in 2011/2012. In that year, toothpaste sales via drug outlets in the United States amounted to USD 517.2 million. Total toothpaste sales in the United States amounted to about USD 1.6 billion in 2011/2012.Toothpaste salesA paste or gel dentifrice, toothpaste is an accessory used to help clean, maintain and prevent tooth and gum disease. In 2011/12, the majority of toothpaste sales throughout the United States were made at food outlets; approximately 725 USD million which works out to a little over 45 percent of the countries total toothpaste sales (USD 1.6 billion). Keep in mind that these figures were calculated by the SymphonyIRI Group through US food, drug and mass merchandise outlets (excluding Walmart) for the 52 weeks ended August 7, 2011.In 2012, toothpaste was the seventh ranked health and beauty care product category throughout retail outlets in the United States, generating sales of approximately USD 1.61 million; an increase of 0.2 percent from the previous fiscal year.Procter & Gamble is the biggest toothpaste vendor in the United States. The company owns the toothpaste brand Crest which generates most of its revenue regarding this product type. In 2012, Procter & Gamble spent USD 192 million on advertising in the United States for this brand alone; ranking it in the top ten amongst personal care brands with the largest advertising expenditure throughout the country. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Chicago Bulls franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 301 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of Indonesia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of Indonesia amounted to around 316.25 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This timeline shows the average circulation of the French daily Le Monde from 1999 to 2018. In 2018, the newspaper sold on average 302.62 thousand copies daily, up from 301.53 thousand in the previous year. The newspaper launched its paywall in March 2010. 
 The timeline shows data on unit sales of Suzanne Collins’s trilogy 'The Hunger Games' in the United States from 2010 to 2013. In 2010, the books sold 4.3 million copies. 
 Italy's unemployment rate almost reached 9.9 percent in 2019, the lowest value since 2012. The regions with the highest unemployment rates were situated in the South. Sicily, Calabria, and Campania registered rates above 18 percent, a large difference when compared to the Northern regions. For instance, 3.6 percent of people in Trentino-South Tyrol were unemployed, the lowest share nationwide. Young people mostly impacted Figures about the youth unemployment rate show that the financial crisis impacted the young working population significantly. Between 2004 and 2007, the share of unemployed individuals aged 15 to 24 years was declining. Subsequently, between 2008 and 2014, the rate increased over 15 percentage points. In this case, Southern regions had the largest proportion of young people without a job. In Sicily, Campania, and Calabria more than half of the population aged between 15 and 24 years was unemployed. Women more often unemployed In most of the Italian regions, the share of young unemployed women was higher than those of young males. In both Campania and Sicily, 60.4 percent of women aged 15 to 24 years did not have a job. The Southern region of Calabria was the place in Italy with the highest rate of unemployed young men. In this region, 50.3 percent of males were unemployed, almost ten times more than in Trentino-South Tyrol, where the unemployment rate of young men stood at about 11 percent. 
 This statistic shows Hewlett Packard Enterprise's (previously a part of Hewlett-Packard Company) net revenue for each fiscal year from 2011 to 2019. In 2019, the company brought in revenues of 29.14 billion U.S. dollars.Hewlett Packard Enterprise - additional information Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) is an American technology company, formed on November 1, 2015. It's predecessor, Hewlett-Packard Company, started in 1935 in the garage of William Hewlett and David Packard. Initially producing a range of electronic test equipment, HP Co rose to become one of the leading global manufacturers of personal computers, as well as one of the largest suppliers of servers, storage and networking equipment, and a global supplier of consumer and enterprise IT services. Although HPE did not keep the PC segment in the break-up of the old company, HPE still has a major foothold in several global markets and net earnings for HPE's segments were calculated at 2.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. As of early 2016, HPE employed around 240,000 employees globally, although the sale of its enterprise services division in May 2016 will likely affect this number Hewlett Packard Enterprise's major segments include their enterprise group, which manufacturers technology infrastructure like servers, storage and networking equipment, and provides technology services; their software segment, which covers big data, application services, security, and operations management; and financial services, which allow for flexible IT consumption and investment. The organization's size and reach leaves it holding sizeable positions in a number of global IT markets. For example, HPE has held a market share of around five percent in the global purpose-built backup appliance market for the last few years. HPE also supplies many of the world's leading supercomputers, and alongside other technology giants such as IBM, SAP, and Oracle, HPE is one of the biggest companies competing in the global big data market. Not only that, but in terms of name recognition, both HPE and its sister company HP Inc will benefit from the Hewlett Packard name. As of 2015, the Hewlett Packard brand ranked as one of the most valuable brands worldwide. 
 This statistic portrays the total number of air traffic passengers traveling to or from the United States between 2006 and 2019. In 2018, about 244 million air traffic passengers traveled to or from the U.S. 
 This statistic presents a timeline of the internet penetration in Mexico from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 65.8 percent of the Mexican population used the internet, up from 7.04 percent in 2001. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Finland from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Finnish population was 42.5 years. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Cambodia between 1994 and 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the estimated GDP per capita in Cambodia amounted to around 1,504.26 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Miami Heat of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the Miami Heat franchise had an estimated value of 1.95 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Atlanta Falcons, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Atlanta Falcons was 458 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic presents the annual revenue generated by Rovio Entertainment worldwide from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, the developer of a popular mobile game - Angry Birds - generated 281 million euros in revenue. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Greece from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Greece was at 39.27 percent. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Oakland Raiders, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Oakland Raiders was 357 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in the Philippines from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 34.5 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 50.8 million mobile phone internet users. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Qatar from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Qatar's gross domestic product amounted to around 191.36 billion U.S. dollars. 
 From 2000 until 2019 the Consumer Price Index rate fluctuated between a high of 4.5 in 2011 and low of zero in 2015, indicating no change in prices between 2014 and 2015. Since 2015 there has been a slight increase in CPI rate, reaching 2.7 percent in 2017 and 2.5 percent in 2018. By 2019, the CPI decreased to 1.8. CPI most popular measure of inflation Although the retail price index, is still a popular method of calculating inflation, the Office of National Statistics doesn’t define it as an official statistic and promotes the use of the Consumer Price Index instead. In order to stay relevant to the needs of consumers, the basket of goods used to calculate inflation frequently changes, and in recent years has evolved to include smart-speakers and omit items such as envelopes. UK CPI one of the highest in Europe The United Kingdom’s forecasted CPI rate for 2019 was estimated to be 2.5 percent, which was slightly higher than other European Countries (685943) such as Germany and France which had inflation rates of 1.8 and 1.9 percent forecast for 2019. According to the government’s own forecasts, the inflation rate is expected to be stabilize soon, reaching a rate between 2 and 2.1 percent between 2020 and 2023. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of yogurt in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. yogurt per capita consumption amounted to about 13.4 pounds per person in 2018. 
 This statistic depicts total consumer spending in Pakistan from 2013 to 2018. In 2013, Pakistan's total consumer spending amounted to about 182.76 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph illustrates BMW's projected light vehicle production between 2012 and 2017. It is forecast that just under two million BMW vehicles will be produced in 2017. BMW is a premium car brand manufactured by Bayerische Motoren Werke (BMW) AG. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Romania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Romania's gross domestic product amounted to around 239.55 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Houston Astros games in Major League Baseball from 2010 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 49.85 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in California from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 12.8 percent of California's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the number of people in thousands on a zero-hour contract in the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2019. In 2000, there were 225 thousand people on zero-hour contracts, with this number increasing to approximately 896 thousand by 2019. 
 This statistic shows the development of Florida's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the real GDP of the federal state of Florida was about 916.97 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the number of hip replacement surgeries in select countries in 2017 - or latest year available. As of that year, the number of hip replacement surgeries in Mexico stood at nine per 100,000 inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows the total aggregate attendance at games of the English Premier League from the 2009/10 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the total aggregate attendance at the games was at 14.62 million. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in Mexico from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, Mexico had 82.5 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 101.6 million internet users in 2023. 
 The graph shows the budget balance in China in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP) from 2012 to 2018, with forecasts until 2024. In 2018, the state deficit of China had ranged at around 4.81 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 Between 2006 and 2017, each year between 94 and 262 people died because of drug use in the Netherlands. The number of casualties was lowest in 2010 and peaked in 2017. In four out of the last five years, a new record in drug deaths was reached. Only 2014 saw a decrease in the number of drug-related deaths recorded. Opiates, cocaine and other dangerous drugs Many drug deaths in the Netherlands in 2017 were caused by opiates. Of the total 262 casualties in 2017, 127 died because of opiate use. By comparison, there were 55 cocaine deaths that year. This is also the highest number of cocaine-related deaths in the country in the past decade. Cocaine use on the rise According to the Trimbos survey on drug use, cocaine use has increased in the Netherlands. Whereas in 1997, 2.6 percent of the respondents stated to have used cocaine at least once in their lives, by 2017 this had grown to over five percent. 0.6 percent of survey participants answered to have used cocaine in the past month, a significant change in comparison to earlier years as well. 
 The statistic depicts the forecast total unit shipments of smartphones worldwide from 2009 to 2019 with a forecast for 2022 and 2023. In 2019, smartphone shipments amounted to around 1.37 billion units. Global smartphone shipments - additional information Shipments for smartphones are expected to amount to around 1.45 billion by 2018, a tenfold increase from the amount of shipments in 2009. This means that by 2017, an estimated 31 percent of the world’s population will have a smartphone, a figure that was at less than 10 percent in 2011. This upturn in the smartphone market has developed it into a multi-billion dollar industry with revenue projected to reach almost 429 billion U.S. dollars in 2016. The global success of this industry can be attributed to the growing popularity of several key operating systems, namely Android and iOS. By the end of 2016, these two companies held over 95 percent of the global smartphone market share, with Android alone controlling over 80 percent. This amounted to 352.67 million Android units and 77.04 million iOS units being shipped in the final quarter of 2016. The domination in the market from Android looks set to continue with the shipment of Android phones in 2016 expected to hit around 680 million units. However, despite both Apple and Android being based in the U.S., it is the Chinese smartphone industry that looks set to dominate the market in the coming years. Forecasts predict that China will control just under a third of the smartphone market in 2017, in comparison to the U.S.’s estimated share of 12.1 percent. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Pakistan from 1984 to 2019. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Pakistan amounted to around 1,565.43 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the Facebook penetration in the Philippines from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 39 percent of the local population accessed the social network. This share is projected to grow to 42 percent in 2021. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Botswana from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Botswana amounted to about 3.24 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Panama from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Panama amounted to about 0.76 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Major League Baseball (MLB) from sponsorship between 2010 and 2018. In 2018, the league and its teams generated 938 million U.S. dollars in revenue from sponsorships. 
 This statistic shows the number of LongHorn Steakhouse restaurants in North America from 2008 to 2019. At the end of the 2019 fiscal year, there were 514 LongHorn Steakhouse restaurants in North America. 
 This statistic represents ArcelorMittal's revenue from the fiscal year of 2006 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the multinational steel company with headquarters in Luxembourg generated around 76 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. 
 This statistic shows the total number of turkeys produced in the United States from 1999 to 2018. In 2018, about 244.75 million turkeys were produced in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditure on sewing machines per consumer unit in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the country's average expenditure on sewing machines amounted to 8.18 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Atlanta Hawks games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 42.18 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Israel from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Israel's real gross domestic product grew by around 3.44 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Oklahoma City Thunder games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 34.30 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows growth in the total contribution of the travel and tourism industry to GDP in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. The growth rate stood at 5.3 percent in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in pilates training in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in pilates training amounted to approximately 9.08 million. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Clippers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 52.49 U.S. dollars. Los Angeles Clippers The Los Angeles Clippers are a professional basketball team from Los Angeles, California, that plays in the National Basketball Association. The franchise was originally founded in 1970 as the Buffalo Braves, moved to San Diego in 1978 and then on to Los Angeles in 1984. They play their home games at Staples Center, which they share with the Los Angeles Lakers. The Clippers’ home games were attended by an average crowd of 19,226 in the 2012/13 season. Total attendance at the games was 788,293. Tickets to the games cost an average of 63.10 U.S. dollars in the 2012/13 season, the first time the average ticket price was at more than 60 U.S. dollars. Team Marketing Report ranks the Los Angeles Clippers sixth on their Fan Cost Index with 369.40 U.S. dollars in cost for the game experience. The Fan Cost Index includes the cost for four average-price tickets, four small soft drinks, two small beers, two game programs, four regular-size hot dogs, two adult-size adjustable caps and parking for an hour. According to Forbes’, NBA Team Valuations the Los Angeles Clippers franchise has a value of 430 million U.S. dollars, an increase of almost one third compared to the previous year when Forbes valued the franchise at 324 million U.S. dollars. Revenue of the Clippers was at 108 million U.S. dollars in the 2011/12 season. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Thomas Jefferson Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Thomas Jefferson Memorial amounted to approximately 3.1 million in 2019. 
 The statistic shows immigration to Norway from 2008 to 2018. In 2008, the number of persons immigrating to Norway reached 66,961 persons. Since then, the number of immigrants to Norway increased and peaked at around 79.5 thousand in 2011. From 2012 the number was decreasing and in 2018, the number amounted to 52,485 persons. 
 This statistic shows the total revenue generated by home appliance manufacturer Arcelik from 2005 to 2019. In 2019, Arcelik's net sales amounted to around 5.28 billion euro. 
 This statistic shows the total annual expenditure on veterinary and other services for pets in the United Kingdom from 2005 to 2018, based on volume. In 2018, households purchased over five billion British pounds worth of veterinary and other services for their pets. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Brooklyn Nets games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 60.98 U.S. dollars. Brooklyn Nets The Brooklyn Nets are a franchise of the National Basketball Association (NBA) which joined the league as the New Jersey Nets in 1976 as part of the ABA-NBA merger. It was established in 1966 under the name ‘New Jersey Americans’ as a founding member of the American Basketball Association (ABA). In 2012, the franchise moved to Brooklyn, New York, and was renamed Brooklyn Nets. The team plays its home games at the newly constructed Barclays Center, which opened in September 2012 for the Brooklyn Nets’ first season in New York. The average attendance at Brooklyn Nets games during the 2013/14 season was 17,251 with the total attendance during the regular season at about 707 thousand. Tickets to the games cost 66.15 U.S. dollars on average in 2014/15, an increase of almost 30 U.S. dollars compared to the 2011/12 season when the Nets still played in New Jersey. The league-wide average ticket price was at around 54 U.S. dollars in 2014/15. According to Forbes, the franchise has a value of 780 million U.S. dollars in 2014. A year earlier the franchise was valued at 530 million U.S. dollars. This constitutes an increase in value of almost 50 percent over a one year period. The majority of the increase can be attributed to the franchises move to Brooklyn and its new arena. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Portugal from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Portuguese population was 43.9 years. 
 This statistic shows the abortion rate per thousand women in Sweden from 2008 to 2018. During the time under consideration, the abortion rate remained relatively stable. The highest rate occurred in 2008, with 21.3 abortions per thousand women. In contrast, the lowest rate was measured in 2018, amounting to 19.2 abortions per thousand women. 
 In 2018, approximately 30.4 million people in the United States had no health insurance. The share of Americans without health insurance was steadily decreasing until 2015, but has been increasing since 2017. The Tax Cuts and Jobs Act of 2017 caused this change, because it repealed the individual mandate, which penalized individuals for failing to maintain health coverage. Positive impact of Affordable Care Act In the U.S. there are public and private forms of health insurance, as well as social welfare programs such as Medicaid and programs just for veterans such as CHAMPVA. The Affordable Care Act (ACA) was enacted in 2010, which dramatically reduced the number of uninsured Americans, though there’s still room for improvement. In spite of its success in providing more Americans with health insurance, ACA has had an almost equal number of proponents and opponents since its introduction, though the share of Americans in favor of it has risen since mid-2017. Persistent disparity among ethnic groups The number of uninsured people is higher in certain demographic groups. For instance, Hispanics continue to be the ethnic group with the highest rate of uninsured people, even after ACA. Meanwhile the share of uninsured white people is still lower than the national average. 
 This statistic shows the value of imports of the household and kitchen appliances into the United States from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, imports of such products came to a total of about 31.21 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. imports of domestic appliances – additional information Electrical devices used within a household are part of a billion-dollar home appliance industry, which is projected to grow in the coming years. In 2018, the global consumption of major appliances amounted to 177 billion U.S. dollars. Leading companies of the home appliances industry include the Chinese Haier Electronics Group, U.S.-based Whirlpool, the German Bosch and Siemens Group, the Swedish company Electrolux, and the South Korean multinational giant LG Electronics. The United States is the largest household appliances market worldwide, which was worth around 37.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The import of household and kitchen appliances into the United States has shown a general upward trend over the past 10 years, despite taking a dip in 2008 and 2009. Exports of household appliances from the United States remains relatively stable, with the export value amounting to 6.42 billion U.S. dollars in 2018.
 This statistic shows the global unit sales of soundbar speakers from 2010 to 2015. In 2013, 6.7 million units of soundbar speakers were sold worldwide. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Algeria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Algeria's gross domestic product amounted to around 173.76 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Lithuania from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Lithuania had amounted to about 2.53 percent compared to the previous year. 
 Texas was by far the leading U.S. state in terms of total number of farms, with about 250 thousand farms by the end of 2018. Missouri was ranked second, among the leading ten states, with 95 thousand farms as of 2018. Farms classification In the United States farms are classified based on the farm income and government payments into six sales classes. According to the USDA, about half of all farms in the US were classified in the 1,000 to 9,999 U.S. dollars sales class in 2018. Farming sector in the U.S. The total number of farms in the United States has decreased steadily since 2007. As of 2018, there were about 2.03 million farms in the U.S., down from 2.04 million in the previous year. Contrastingly, the average farm acreage in the United States has increased in the past few years. The number of employees, including both part-time and full-time workers, in this sector was over 960 thousand as of 2017. 
 This statistic shows the total U.S. sugar beet production from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, approximately 28.6 million tons of sugar beet were produced in the United States in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Mississippi from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 19.7 percent of Mississippi's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Turkey from 1950 to 2020*. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. In 2010, the median age of the population in Turkey was at 28,2 years. 
 The statistic shows smart AR glasses shipments worldwide from 2016 to 2022. Smart augmented reality glasses shipments were 150 thousand in 2016 and are forecast to amount to around 22.8 million units by 2022. 
 The statistic depicts the smartphone penetration in South Korea as a share of the population from 2015 to 2022. In 2016, 74.63 percent of the population in South Korea used a smartphone. 
 California had the most automobile registrations in 2017: More than 14.86 million such vehicles were registered in the most populous U.S. federal state. California also leads in terms of annual car sales with almost one million cars sold in 2017. Additionally, California residents also purchased about 715,000 crossover and sport-utility vehicles (CUVs and SUVs), some 221,270 pickups, and almost 80,000 vans and minivans in 2017. A walk in the light truck parc U.S. automobile and truck registrations reached about 263 million units in 2017. The number of vehicles in operation in the United States is projected to increase to around 289 million units in the third quarter of 2019. Light truck retail sales increased from 10.6 million units in 2017 to a staggering 11.9 million units in 2018. These figures underpin the assumption that light trucks remain in high demand while customers seem to have lost interest in cars: Just 5.3 million cars were sold in the United States in 2018. 
 In 2018, per capita retail e-commerce spending in the United States amounted to 1,571 U.S. dollars, more than double the amount of per capita e-retail spending in Canada and more than 174 times the amount of the spending in Mexico. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Philadelphia 76ers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 46.83 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Washington Redskins games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 103.39 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, an estimated 15.3 million smartwatches were sold in the United States. Between 2013 and 2018 annual smartwatch sales grew from just 600 thousand units to over 15 million as these devices skyrocketed in popularity. Smartwatches While digital wristwatches have been around for decades, true smartwatches are a relatively new phenomena in the consumer electronics industry. These modern devices typically include features like touchscreens, biometric monitoring, and internet connections. Consumer electronics giants Apple and Samsung are the biggest names in the industry, controlling a combined market share of over 60 percent. Estimates suggest that over 90 million of these devices will be shipped around the world in 2019 with this figure rising to over 130 million by 2023. Wearables Smartwatches are often classified under the overarching consumer wearables market which also includes products like smart wristbands, smart clothing, and head mounted displays. The internet connections present in many of these devices allow them to share statistics and information with other smart devices, forming a network which is often referred to as the Internet of Things (IoT). 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Serbia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Serbia was at approximately 13.51 percent. 
 This graphic shows the total number of public primary schools in France from 2005 to 2018. Over nine years, the number of public primary schools gradually diminished and reached 44,902 in 2018. 
 In 2018, the rural population in France reached 19.5 percent of the total. In 2018, Europe was ranked third continent worldwide in terms of degree of urbanization. 80 percent of the European population was living in cities in 2018, but this figure is expected to decrease by 2050. In France, studies have shown that most of the population lives in urban areas, but many French citizens seemed to aspire to live in the countryside. France: an urban country From 2006 to 2018, the share of French residents living in rural areas kept decreasing, going from roughly 22.6 percent in 2006 to 19.5 percent in 2016. According to Insee, a municipality is rural when it does not reach the threshold of 2,000 inhabitants. In France, more than 13 million individuals were living in the countryside in 2016. In comparison, the urban population amounted to 53 million people that same year and is expected to reached 81 percent of the total by 2020. The advantages of the countryside A survey conducted by Ifop in 2017 showed that 46 percent of French people wanted to live in a rural town. Despite common beliefs, the countryside appears to have a lot to offer. In addition to a more pleasant living environment, the employment situation seems to be more advantageous in French rural areas. In 2017, the percentage of unemployed people reached 6.3 percent in rural areas, compared to 10.4 percent in cities. Similarly, the percentage of labor force participants is higher in rural areas. 
 Between 2008 and 2019, the number of Tesco’s stores operating worldwide has risen from 3.751 to 6,993. The multinational-operating grocery and general merchandise retailer Tesco PLC was founded in 1919 by Jack Cohen (1898-1979). The product portfolio includes food and beverages, clothing, home appliances, and even financial services. Tesco is the leading supermarket brand in the United Kingdom (UK), consistently ranking highest in terms of grocery market share. The company is headquartered in Hertfordshire, United Kingdom and employs over 500 thousand people worldwide. Tesco stores in the UK Close to four thousand of the total seven thousand stores are situated in the UK, where Tesco’s provides six different store formats to their customers which varied in size and range of products. Tesco Superstores, for example, are standard large supermarkets that sell mostly food products and a much smaller range of non-food products in comparison to Extra stores. The UK grocery market Most of Tesco’s annual revenue was generated from its key market: The United Kingdom. Additionally, the company sold products in stores located in other European and Asian countries. Based on market share, Tesco’s largest rivals in the grocery store business included Asda and Sainsbury’s. The latest business figures showed that discount stores were gaining more and more market share as customer spending moved from traditional retailers to discounters, such as Lidl or Aldi. 
 The load factor of electricity from solar photovoltaics has seen an overall increase since 2010, amounting to 11.3 percent in 2018. However, this was a minor decrease from the previous year and significantly lower when compared to the load factors of other renewable sources. This can be explained by the lack of consistency in the number of sunny days recorded. In comparison, the load factor for offshore wind reached 39 percent. Capacity and generation In the same year, solar PV accounted for 29.6 percent of the total renewable capacity. However, its share of renewable electricity generation was just 11.7 percent. This was due to the relatively low load factor. In 2010, electricity generated by solar PV amounted to 41 gigawatt-hours. By 2017 this had increased to more than 11,500 gigawatt-hours. Turnover and employment drop In 2017 the UK’s solar PV industry reported a turnover of 1.3 billion euros. This was a decrease of more than one billion euros compared to the previous year. As turnover decreased, so did employment figures. In 2016 there were approximately 29,000 employees in the sector, but the following year this number dropped by more than half due to cuts to subsidies. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Florida Marlins games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 22.55 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration in Japan from 2000 to 2017. That year, almost 91 percent of the Japanese population accessed the internet, down from over 93 percent in the previous year. 
 This statistic gives information on the leading sources of internet referral traffic, based on Shareaholic's global publisher network. In the second half of 2017, it was found that social network Pinterest generated 7.53 percent of global referral traffic. Facebook was ranked first with a 18.16 percent traffic share. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Bangladesh from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Bangladesh was at 11.92 percent. 
 This statistic presents the revenue generated by the entertainment company Live Nation Entertainment from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the U.S. live event specialist generated a total of 10.79 billion US dollars in revenue, up from 9.69 billion a year earlier. Of this revenue generated in 2018, almost 1.53 billion U.S. dollars came from ticketing revenue and 8.77 billion U.S. dollars was generated through concerts. The company promoted a total of 34,996 concerts and festivals in 2018, the highest figure to date. 
 This statistic provides information on the level of global mobile video traffic from 2017 to 2022. In 2018, global mobile video traffic amounted to 12,051 petabytes per month and is expected to multiply to 60,889 PB per month in 2022. 
 The statistic shows the growth in global gross domestic product (GDP) from 2014 to 2019, with projections up until 2024. In 2019, the global economy grew by about 3.01 percent compared to the previous year. Global gross domestic product Gross domestic product, also called GDP, is the market value of goods and services produced by a country in a certain time period. It is an important factor to evaluate the economic state of a country: the higher the GDP of a country, the better its economic state. Another important indicator is GDP per capita, which literally means “GDP per person”, but despite its name, it is not used to determine the standard of living in a country, as it does not reflect an individual’s personal income. Instead, it shows the theoretical distribution of a country’s GDP among its inhabitants at a certain point in time. Again, the higher the GDP per capita of a country, the better its economy is set. Global gross domestic product is a key indicator for global economy, which combines all individual economies worldwide. When looking at the gross domestic product / GDP of selected global regions, it is obvious that GDP is highest in industrialized countries. A look at the distribution of GDP of the main industrialized and emerging countries in selected countries shows that the United States’ GDP is the highest by far, followed by China and Japan. The United States, China and Japan are thus the largest economies in the world, followed by Germany. This status is reflected in their GDP per capita; again, the United States lead this ranking, followed by Japan and Germany. When it comes to countries with the highest increase in GDP in comparison to the previous year, however, none of these countries are among the first few. This ranking is led by Libya, had quite a significant economic lead over the others. 
 This statistic displays the prevalence of asthma in selected European countries in 2015. The United Kingdom (UK) had the highest number of individuals with asthma in Europe, with a prevalence of 4.67 million individuals. The number of individuals with asthma in Spain was noticeably less at 1.58 million. The United Kingdom also had the largest share of individuals who self-reported their asthma at 9.4 percent. Asthma is characterised as a chronic lung condition that often starts in early childhood. It is caused by inflammation of the air tract thereby narrowing the air passages. The severity of symptoms varies between individuals, with the main symptoms including wheezing, breathlessness, a tight chest and coughing. While there is no cure for asthma, there are treatments available which help to control the symptoms. Individuals are issued with controlled medication such as inhalers. The use of such inhalers depends on the individuals treatment plan and how often they need to use the them. According to a survey conducted in Europe 54 percent of individuals in Germany and 52 percent of individuals in the UK use their controller medication every day. 
 The statistic shows global revenue from earphone and headphone sales from 2014 to 2017. In 2017, earphones and headphones were estimated to have a market value of 14.55 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the number of children waiting for adoption in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, about 125,422 children in the U.S. were waiting to be adopted. 
 The statistic shows the number of U.S. drone strikes carried out under CIA command in Pakistan from 2004 to November 5, 2019. In 2018, the U.S. carried out one drone strike in Pakistan. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Belgian national football team from 1993 to 2019. Until 2013, the team did not reach a position better than 11. Rank 66 was the lowest result of the team, which was reached in 2009. Since 2013, the Belgian national football team reached the top five, with a number one position in 2015. As of 2019, Belgium is ranked number one on the FIFA World Ranking. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Austria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Austria had amounted to about 2.12 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the production of potatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, approximately 513.5 million cwt of potatoes were produced in the U.S. in 2000. U.S. potato production decreased to about 465 million cwt in 2012. 
 This statistic depicts total Medicare spending from 1970 to 2018. In 1970, some 7.5 billion U.S. dollars were spent on the Medicare program in the United States. Almost fifty years later, in 2018 this figure stood at some 740.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Argentina from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The gross domestic product denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Argentina's gross domestic product amounted to around 519.49 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows Australia's public debt from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. The debt-to-GDP ratio includes the debts of central and local government, communities and municipalities as well as social security. In 2018, Australia's public debt was around 41.37 percent of its GDP. The same year, the Australian inflation rate amounted to 1.96 percent. 
 This statistic shows the estimated total amount of strawberries produced in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, around 1.43 million tons of strawberries were produced in the United States. 
 The sales value of the liquor market in Alberta amounted to around 2.6 billion Canadian dollars in the 2019 financial year. This is an increase of around 0.55 billion Canadian dollars since 2010. Canadian liquor laws Canada has complex liquor laws which have developed since Prohibition in the 1920s. Throughout Canada’s provinces and territories, there are 13 different organizations responsible for regulating the sale and distribution of alcohol. Within most provinces there are provincially owned stores who have a monopoly over spirit, or liquor, sales. Whilst in some provinces it is possible to buy a limited selection of spirits, wine or beer in privately owned shops or grocery stores. The Canadian liquor market The sales value of spirits in the whole of Canada has increased year-on-year to around 5.49 billion Canadian dollars in 2018, around 2.85 billion of which were imported products. The total volume of spirits consumed in Canada has also, unsurprisingly, gradually increased in recent years, reaching 164.5 million liters in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Greece from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, about 79.06 percent of the total population in Greece lived in cities. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Zimbabwe from 1994 to 2015, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Zimbabwe's estimated gross domestic product amounted to around 21 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the net income of Philips from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, Philips' net income amounted to around 1.1 billion euros. After spin-offs of other product segments, Koninklijke Philips N.V. today is a company focused on healthcare/medical technology. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Iraq from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Iraq was at approximately 7.91 percent. 
 In 2018, the birth rate in France reached its lowest level since 2003. From 2003 to 2018, the birth rate in France has been fluctuating between more than 11 births and almost 13 births for 1,000 inhabitants. The highest birth rate in France during this period was recorded in 2006. That year there were 13.1 births per 1,000 inhabitants. Since then, the birth rate in the country keeps decreasing. If France keeps being one of the European countries with the highest fertility rate, it is still been impacted by the decline in the birth rate that affects most Western countries. A Declining birth rate Birth rate is the ration between the annual number of live births and the average total population over that year. In 2018, there were more than 719,000 live births in France, while the French population amounted to 66.77 million people. The average number of children born per women went from 2.03 in 2010, down to 1.92 in 2016. Births in France With a crude birth rate of 11.7 births per 1,000 inhabitants in 2016, France still has one of the highest birth rates in Europe. The percentage of children born out-of-wedlock in France has been rising since the nineties, reaching 60.3 percent in 2018. Another change can be seen in the average age at childbirth among French women. In 2018, most of women in France were aged 30.6 years old at childbirth, compared to 28.8 years old in 1994. 
 This statistic shows the total egg production in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 109.2 billion eggs were produced in the United States. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Egypt from 1984 to 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Egypt amounted to 2,573.29 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average annual expenditure on slipcovers and decorative pillows per consumer unit in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the country's average expenditure on slipcovers and decorative pillows amounted to 5.01 U.S. dollars per consumer unit. Reflecting the growing complexity of mattress designs, the pillow segment continues to evolve with new constructions, styles and features designed to deliver a better sleep experience. Today’s producers are offering a wide range of options to consumers, from basic fiber and shredded foam models at the lower end to sophisticated latex, memory foam, down-fill, gel and even innerspring and air models at the medium to higher ends. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Saudi Arabia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is defined as the share of the urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, about 83.84 percent of the total population of Saudi Arabia lived in cities. 
 This statistic shows the rate of drug related offences in Canada from 2000 to 2018. There were roughly 225.27 drug-related offences per 100,000 residents nationwide in Canada in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Minnesota Vikings from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Minnesota Vikings was 66,849. 
 The statistic presents the projected number of PC online gamers in Malaysia from 2012 to 2014. NIKO Media Research projected the number would rise from 7.62 million in 2012 to 9.9 million in 2014. 
 Between 2019 and 2045 the global expenditures for diabetes treatment is expected to grow from 760 billion U.S. dollars to 845 billion U.S. dollars. Diabetes can have life-threatening cardiovascular, renal and nervous system consequences when left untreated. Diabetes is one of the leading causes of death worldwide.Diabetes overview Diabetes is a chronic illness that affects the pancreas’s ability to produce insulin or how the body uses insulin. Insulin is a hormone that acts on blood glucose levels. There are several types of diabetes including type I, type II and gestational diabetes. Diabetes can be treated through daily insulin injections and/or oral medication. Diagnosis and monitoring of diabetes can be done through blood glucose monitoring. Recent studies indicate that among all regions, Africa and Southeast Asia have the highest percentages of undiagnosed diabetes globally. Diabetes health care costs Among all countries worldwide, the United States and China have some of the highest diabetes medical expenditures. When compared to one another, the United States had diabetes health care expenditures almost three times higher than China in 2019. Despite these two countries sharing the highest expenditures for diabetics, they are not the countries with the highest spending per patient. Switzerland has the highest health care expenditures per diabetic patient as of 2019. 
 This timeline shows the sales volume of bottled water in the United States from 2006 to 2018. According to the report, the volume of bottled water in the U.S. amounted to about 13.85 billion gallons in 2018. 
 This statistic represents the projected consumption of refined tin worldwide between 2011 and 2017. In 2014, approximately 386,000 metric tons of refined tin are expected to be consumed globally. 
 This statistic presents the global number of ransomware attacks from 2014 to 2018. In the most recently reported period, over 204 million ransomware attacks were carried out. This represents a 11 percent growth from 2017. 
 After entering Italy, Coronavirus (COVID-19) has been spreading fast. As of March 3, 2020, twelve deaths were reported by the authorities, 55 in the region of Lombardy, 18 in the region of Emilia-Romagna, and three in the region of Veneto. The total number of cases reported in the country exceeded two thousand. The North of the country was mostly hit, and the region with the highest number of cases was Lombardy, which registered 1,520 of them. The neighboring region of Veneto registered 307 cases. Italy is currently the country with the third highest number of Coronavirus cases after China and South Korea. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Cleveland Indians from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 224 million U.S. dollars.The Cleveland Indians are owned by Lawrence and Paul Dolan, who bought the franchise for 323 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the total annual spend of international tourists ('visitor exports') in Spain from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. Inbound tourism expenditure in Spain reached around 66.5 billion euros in 2017. 
 This statistic presents the total revenue of Wells Fargo from 2009 to 2018. The revenue of Wells Fargo amounted to approximately 86.41 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 The statistic depicts the unit shipments of 4k Ultra HD TVs worldwide from 2013 to 2016. In 2014, 10.1 million 4k Ultra HD TVs were shipped worldwide. This number was expected to increase to 48.1 million by 2016. China is currently the world's major supplier of 4K TVs and were projected to ship around 31 million units in 2017. 
 This statistic illustrates the average Comex spot price of silver from 1975 to 2018, in U.S. dollars per ounce. In 2005, the annual average price for one ounce of silver on the Comex exchange was 7.32 U.S. dollars. By 2018, the annual average price of silver was 15.65 U.S. dollars per ounce. 
 This graph shows the number of fatalities in U.S. railroad accidents from 2005 through 2018. In 2018, some 878 people died in train accidents in the United States, an increase from 823 fatalities in 2017. 
 This statistic illustrates the current accounts market share going to the Nationwide Building Society out of the whole current accounts financial market in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2011 to 2019. It can be seen that Nationwide's current account market share increased during the period under observation, reaching a share of eight percent as of the year ending April 2019 for all standard and packaged accounts. The smallest share of the current account market was found in 2011, when a share of 4.9 percent was recorded. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in shooting sport in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in shooting sport amounted to approximately 9.38 million. 
 The statistic presents the tier 1 capital ratio at the Bank of America from 2009 to 2018. The tier 1 common capital ratio is a measure of a bank's core equity capital compared with its total risk-weighted assets. In 2018, the tier 1 common capital ratio of the Bank of America amounted to 13.2 percent. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Puerto Rico from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Puerto Rican population was 38 years. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in billiards/pool in the United States from 2006 to 2013. In 2013, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in billiards/pool amounted to approximately 34.55 million. 
 The timeline shows the number of employees at QVC Incorporated from 2012 to 2018. The TV shopping network employed 21.4 thousand people in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of Accor hotels worldwide from 2015 to 2018. As of December 2018, there were 4,780 Accor hotels worldwide. 
 The statistic represents Bosch's expenditure on research and development from the fiscal year of 2005 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Germany-based multinational engineering and electronics company incurred approximately 6 billion euros (or about 6.8 billion U.S. dollars) in research and development costs. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Finnish national football team from 1993 to 2019. The highest position ever reached was 36 in 2007. Rank 94 was the lowest result of the team, which was reached in 2016. As of 2019, Finland's position in the world ranking was 55. 
 This statistic represents the total silicon production in the United States from 2011 to 2019. In 2019, 320,000 metric tons of silicon content was produced. Silicon alloys and metals are important in various industries. Ferrosilicon is commonly used in ferrous foundries and steel industries, whereas silicon metal is often used for aluminum, aluminum alloys, and the chemical industry. Silicon is also often used for semiconductors in solar panels, computer chips, and as a part of the automotive industry. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in South Africa from 1950 to 2050*.The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the South African population was 26.4 years. 
 This graph depicts the value of the New York Mets franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 2.3 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Indiana from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 13.1 percent of Indiana's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Barbados from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Barbados amounted to about 3.69 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic presents a projection of Amazon's retail market share in the United States in 2016 and 2020, based on GMV. In 2016, the online retail platform was estimated to account for 34 percent of the U.S. retail GMV. This share is set to increase to 50 percent in 2020. 
 'Music channel Trap City had more than nine million subscriptions in April 2018, making it the most subscribed YouTube channel that comes from the Netherlands. The ranking also suggests that Dutch EDM artists or channels are popular to subscribe to, with entries for DJs Martin Garrix (3rd in this ranking), Hardwell (6th) and Tiësto (10th), as well as dance label Armada Music (7th). Note, however, that the numbers provided here concern worldwide subscribers. When looking at the number of subscribers to selected Dutch-speaking channels, other channels are the biggest. For example, vlogger EnzoKnol (full name: Enzo Erkelens) tops that list but is not mentioned here. Other popular channels from the Netherlands that are included in neither of these two rankings can be seen in a third ranking on YouTube video producers from the Netherlands, based on views: Dutch game streamer “Kwebbelkop” (real name: Jordi Maxim van den Bussche) and “TopNotchNL”, the video channel of Dutch hip hop label Top Notch, are first and seventh respectively in that particular list. Music videos are popular among all generations in the Netherlands Music was the leading reason for consumers in the Netherlands to watch online videos in 2018. In a survey, 66 percent of respondents said they watched videos of their favorite music artists on YouTube. Noticeably, this percentage was roughly the same for all age groups, both young and old. This might explain the large number of downloads of the YouTube Music app in the first month after its launch in the Netherlands in May 2018. Generation Z is more into vlogs 14- to 21-year-olds were more inclined to watch a vlog than other age groups. (ID 880391) 25 percent of Millennials (defined by the source as ages 22-36) said they watched this type of content. This was considerably less than the younger generation: 48 percent of Generation Z watched vlogs on YouTube in 2018. 
 This statistic depicts the per capita consumption of fresh berries in the United States from 2000 to 2015. The berries category comprises strawberries, raspberries, blueberries and cranberries. In 2015, the U.S. consumption of fresh berries amounted to about 10.25 pounds per capita. In the same year, the consumption of fresh fruit in the U.S. amounted to about 135.38 pounds. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Ghana from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ghana's real gross domestic product grew by around 6.26 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Ireland from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ireland's real gross domestic product grew by around 8.3 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the growth of the real gross domestic product (GDP) in Saudi Arabia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the GDP in Saudi Arabia grew by approximately 2.43 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The timeline shows Wayfair's annual revenues from 2012 to 2018. The home goods e-retailer generated 6.8 billion U.S. dollars in revenues in 2017, up from 4.7 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding year. Wayfair's online revenue (net sales) reached more than 3.38 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. Wayfair generates the majority of its revenues via direct retail sales. 
 Scotland has seen its annual rainfall vary since 1994, but it usually received more than 1,500 millimeters (mm) of rain per year. However, in 2018 the recorded rainfall amounted to 1,395mm, which was the fourth lowest during this period. Rainfall peaked in 2011 at 1,886mm. As of 2019, rainfall reached 1,593mn Wet end to the year The wettest months in Scotland tend to be those at the end of each year, with December of 2015 recording higher than normal levels of rain at 328mm. That same month there was an average of 25.7 raindays. Raindays are defined as those where more than 1mm of rain falls. This was approximately 10 more days of rainfall compared to December 2018. Why is it so wet in Scotland? With its mountainous landscape, it is no coincidence that on average it is Scotland that receives the most annual rain in the UK. The wettest parts of the UK are generally in mountainous regions, with the Western Highlands prone to high levels of rain. Here, rainfall can be 3,000mm per year. However, the East of Scotland can see levels as low as 800mm. This is often due to rainfall from the Atlantic weather systems coming in from the West and as these systems move east, rain deposits reduce. 
 This statistic gives information on the B2B e-commerce volume in the United States from 2006 to 2016, in billion U.S. dollars. In the most recent reported period, manufacturing and merchant wholesale revenue in the U.S. amounted to 5.79 trillion U.S. dollars in B2B e-commerce sales. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to the gross domestic product (GDP) in Greece from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Greece's government spending amounted to about 46.72 percent of the gross domestic product. Greece's financial turmoil In 2011, the ratio of government expenditure to GDP in Greece started to decrease significantly from 53.73 percent to 46.36 percent in 2014. However, looking at Greece’s ratio compared to the other member states of the European Union, it shows that Greece - while still having a relatively high ratio - is not at the top of the list of countries with a high public ratio. Yet, Greece has a history of spending significantly more than it has been acquiring in government revenue. This unbalanced spending vs revenue situation is expected to change at some point between 2015 and 2016. When spending more than it received, Greece covered its yearly deficits by borrowing money to make up the difference. The accumulation of these deficits resulted in Greece’s growing debt, which in 2014 amounted to a total of 317.31 billion euros, and with the economic crisis, the country has had difficulties in paying back its large debts. However, it appears as if Greece is beginning to keep government spending below revenue in the near future. In order to recover, the country also needs economic growth, and according to the IMF, GDP is expected to increase after 2015 and along with it, Greece will likely see positive growth rates. 
 The forecast shows the global software spending from 2005 to 2015. In 2012, the worldwide software spending is expected at 271 billion U.S. dollars. Software includes, for example, application development and integration; business intelligence and data management; network, storage and systems management; security and operating systems. 
 This statistic represents John Deere's (Deere & Company's) total assets from 2013 through 2019. In 2014, the Fortune Global 500 company held total assets to the value of approximately 61.3 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Switzerland from 2014 to 2017 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Switzerland's national debt amounted to approximately 32.93 percent of the GDP. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Dallas Mavericks franchise from the 2001/02 season to the 2018/19 season. In 2018/19, the estimated revenue of the National Basketball Association franchise amounted to 307 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Ethiopia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Ethiopia was at 2.76 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Pittsburgh Pirates from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Pittsburgh Pirates was 18,412. • Pittsburgh Pirates total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Sri Lanka from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Sri Lanka's real gross domestic product grew by around 3.21 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Libya from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2017, Libya's gross domestic product amounted to around 30.56 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Norway from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Norway was at approximately 3.97 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Pittsburgh Pirates games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 22.81 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Brunei Darussalam from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Brunei Darussalam amounted to about 0.15 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the national debt of the United Arab Emirates' (UAE) from 2014 to 2017, in relation to gross domestic product, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the United Arab Emirates' national debt amounted to approximately 20 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the Montreal Canadiens from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Montreal Canadiens amounted to 243 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 The statistic shows the number of cable television subscribers in the United States from 2010 to 2016. According to the source, there were 34.34 million cable subscribers in the United States in 2016, a decrease of more almost 10 million from 2010. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in China from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in China was at 10.65 percent. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Oklahoma City Thunder franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.575 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the global medical alert systems/PERS (personal emergency response system) market volume in 2013, and provides a forecast for 2018 and 2020. In 2013, the global market size for such medical systems stood at some 1.23 billion U.S. dollars. Until 2020, the market is expected to increase to some two billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Nigeria from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, there were approximately 29.3 million social network users in Nigeria, and this figure is projected to grow to 36.8 million in 2023. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Italy from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Italy was at about 2.6 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic indicates the share of women having already practiced naturism on the beach or in a nudist camp worldwide in 2017, by country. Thus, we note that in France women were less than 10 percent to have already been entirely naked on the beach or in a naturist camp. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in South Africa from 1984 to 2018, with a projection up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2018, the GDP in South Africa ranged at approximately 368.14 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the average waiting time for hernia surgery in NHS hospitals in the United Kingdom from 2010 to 2015. Over the six year period the average waiting time for hernia surgery increased to almost 104 days in 2015. 
 The statistic depicts Mexico's national debt from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Mexico was around 53.62 percent of the GDP. 
 The statistic shows the number of U.S. drone strikes in Yemen from 2011 to November 5, 2019. In 2018, the U.S. carried out a total of 36 drone strikes in Yemen. 
 Consumption of natural gas in the United States reached a record high of 29.95 trillion cubic feet in 2018 and has risen by roughly a third since 1995. Natural gas consumption increased consistently from 2009 to 2016, after over a decade of fluctuation from 1995 to 2008. High demand for natural gas Natural gas is a colorless, odorless fossil fuel that comes from underground rock formations. It is typically used in the United States to heat homes. The electric power sector is currently responsible for the largest share of natural gas consumption in the United States, followed closely by the industrial sector. Consumption of natural gas by the electric power sector has nearly doubled since 2005, but remained lower than industrial sector consumption until 2012. Fossil fuels are still a common source Natural gas has the second-highest rate of consumption in the United States following petroleum. After the 2008 Recession, consumption of natural gas has increased more than any other energy source. The use of coal, however, has decreased significantly in the past decade as natural gas is seen as a lower-emission alternative and more cost-effective. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC betting and gaming tax receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. Over the period there were a number of fluctuations but overall there was an increase. In the most recent recorded period, betting and gaming tax receipts totaled almost 3 billion British pounds, which was also the peak. 
 This statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) at current prices of Scotland from 2000 to 2018. From 2000 to 2008 the gross domestic product at current prices increased each year. There was a decrease in 2009, but from 2010 to the end of the period, the GDP increased annually. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Kazakhstan from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Kazakhstan was at approximately 5.43 percent. 
 The gross domestic product (GDP) of California was about 2.96 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018, meaning that it contributed the most out of any state to the country’s GDP in that year. In contrast, Vermont had the lowest GDP in the United States, with 33.73 billion U.S. dollars. What is GDP? Gross domestic product, or GDP, is the total monetary value of all goods and services produced by an economy within a certain time period. GDP is used by economists to determine the economic health of an area, as well as to determine the size of the economy. GDP can be determined for countries, states and provinces, and metropolitan areas. GDP of the United States The United States has the largest gross domestic product in the world as of 2017, with China, Japan, Germany, and the United Kingdom rounding out the top five. The GDP of the United States has almost quadrupled since 1990, when it was about 5.9 trillion U.S. dollars, to about 20.5 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Mauritius from 2014 to 2016, with projections up until 2024. In 2016, the unemployment rate in Mauritius was at approximately 7.3 percent. 
 This statistic shows the operating profit of commercial airlines worldwide from 2006 to 2018, and gives an estimate for 2019 and a projection for 2020. In 2019, commercial airlines are estimated to have operating profits of around 42.5 billion U.S. dollars. The industry projected around 796 billion U.S. dollars in expenditure in that same year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Kuwait from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2017, Kuwait's gross domestic product amounted to around 119.53 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows emigration from Norway over the years from 2008 to 2018. During the time under consideration, the emigration increased from 23,615 persons leaving the country in 2008, to 34,382 emigrates as of 2018. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Norway from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2017, the GDP per capita in Norway amounted to around 75,306.64 U.S. dollars. By the way, nowadays, Norway is one of the countries with the largest GDP per capita. 
 This statistic shows the average cost for university tuition and fees (when studying in-state and living on campus) in the United States from the 2000/01 academic year to 2017/18. Costs have steadily been increasing, and in 2017/18 had reached an average of 14,042 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Rwanda from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Rwanda was at approximately 0.99 percent. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Boston Celtics of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the Boston Celtics franchise had an estimated value of 3.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Los Angeles Angels from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 348 million U.S. dollars.The Los Angeles Angels are owned by Arturo Moreno, who bought the franchise for 184 million U.S. dollars in 2003. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Ireland from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Ireland was at approximately 5.28 percent. 
 This statistic displays the population density of Nepal from 2005 to 2017. In 2017, the population density of Nepal was around 204 people per square kilometer of land area, an increase from the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of specialized stores for the retail sale of clothing in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2008 to 2017. In 2017, there were 11,500 clothing retail stores in the UK, an increase of 44 stores on the previous year. 
 The timeline depicts how many outboard engines were sold in each year from 2000 to 2013. In 2010, 178,900 outboard engines were sold in the U.S., a change of minus 1 percent compared to the previous year. More statistics and facts on recreational boating
 This statistic depicts the U.S. chemical price index from 2008 to 2018. In 2008, the price for chemical products excluding pharmaceuticals in the United States had an index of 90.9 (2012 = 100). In 2018, the index stood at 97.4. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Tampa Bay Rays games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 22.53 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Colombia from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Colombia's gross domestic product amounted to around 330.97 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the revenue generated by Becton, Dickinson, and Company for the fiscal years 2011 to 2018. Becton, Dickinson, and Company reported a record revenue of over 10 billion U.S. dollars in 2015, up from 8.45 billion in the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Ecuador from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Ecuador amounted to about -0.22 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in tennis in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in tennis amounted to approximately 17.68 million. 
 This statistic represents the annual revenue of the BSH Group (BSH Haushaltsgeraete GmbH) between the 2003 to 2018 fiscal years. In its 2018 fiscal year, the BSH Group generated approximately 13.4 billion euros in revenue. 
 This statistic shows total cotton imports into the United States from 1990 to 2018. In 2017, the United States imported some five thousand 480-pound bales into the country. 
 This timeline depicts the number of employees of Dollar General in the United States from 2007 to 2018. As of March 1, 2019, the company employed 135,000 people throughout the United States. Dollar General is a chain of discount variety stores that operates in 44 U.S. states. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Syria from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Syrian population was 23.6 years. 
 This statistic shows the annual average unemployment rate in Germany from 2004 to 2020. For 2019, the annual average unemployment rate amounted to 5 percent. The unemployment rate shows the share of unemployed people among potential employees available for the job market. This figure is calculated as follows - number of unemployed persons: number of unemployed persons + number of employed persons = unemployment rate (in percent).The status of being unemployed is defined as when an employed person is laid off, fired or quits his work and is still looking for a job. Even in a healthy economy unemployment occurs. If former employed persons go back to school or leave the job to take care of children they are not defined as unemployed. Unemployment can be a result of advanced technology, when machines replace worker tasks. Sometimes unemployment is caused by job outsourcing, when a company gets insolvent. Large-scale unemployment is also caused when consumer demands gets down and companies loose profit.Unemployment benefit payments in Germany are only paid, if you are unemployed and worked for the last 12 months. Otherwise benefits are received in the form of Arbeitslosengeld II, also called Hartz IV, which distributes social payments to people without an income who cannot work to make a living. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in racquetball in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in racquetball amounted to approximately 3.53 million. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Carolina Panthers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 99.77 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of child deaths per day due to child abuse and neglect in the United States from 1998 to 2018. In 2018, about 4.85 children died each day of abuse and neglect in the United States. 
 As of January 2020, China was home to the largest number of pigs of any country with 335 million heads. That year, the European Union and United States were second and third in the list, with over 148 and 77 million heads respectively. Global overview There were about 677.6 million pigs worldwide as of January 2020, meaning that China was home to more than half of the global pig population. Unsurprisingly, China is the leading pork producer worldwide, producing about 55 million metric tons of pork each year. China’s global pork exports have been decreasing over the past few years, while the EU remained the top exporter with over three million metric tons of pork shipments last year. The United States is also among the main exporters and importers of pork worldwide. Mexico was the main importer of U.S. pork, followed by Japan, South Korea and Canada. 
 In 2019, over 356 thousand passenger cars were sold in Sweden. This was an increase of 0.65 percent compared to the previous year. During the past ten years, the amount fluctuated, peaking in 2017 at roughly 379 thousand units. 2009 saw the lowest number of cars sold in the country, amounting to only about 213 thousand. Which car brands are most popular in Sweden? Volvo led the ranking of the leading car brands in Sweden in 2019, based on new registrations. The Sweden-based manufacturer sold more than 65 thousand cars from this brand. German Volkswagen ranked second, at an amount of 48,945 units. Similarly, Volvo and Volkswagen car models, such as Volvo S/V60 and VW Golf, ranked highest as well that year. Registered passenger cars in Sweden In recent years, the total number of passenger cars in use in Sweden slightly grew, reaching a number of nearly 4.9 million in 2018. By contrast, in 2012, the stock amounted to 4.45 million. Especially, electric cars becoming increasingly popular. While the number of registered electric passenger cars was 129 in 2008, the amount was already over 16 thousand ten years later. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Tanzania from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Tanzania was at about 37.6 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic presents the social networking reach in Thailand from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 46 percent of the population in the country accessed social media. In 2019, this share is projected to reach 49 percent. 
 The statistic shows the share of TV households with a Netflix subscription in the United States in 2011 and 2017. In the presented time period, the share of TV households with Netflix rose from 28 percent to 54 percent. 
 This statistic shows the states with the largest share of Mexican restaurants in the United States as of May 2014. Texas had the largest share of Mexican restaurants as 16.7 percent of the state's total restaurants were Mexican. In 2015, the Mexican restaurant chain Chipotle Mexican Grill had 351 locations in California, the largest number Chipotle restaurants in the country. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide net revenue made by video games company Nintendo from fiscal 2008 to 2019. In 2019, Nintendo's net sales amounted to 10.91 billion U.S. dollars, up from 9.96 billion a year earlier. 
 The federal funds rate rose to 1.55 percent in 2019 after an unprecedented time below 0.2 percent after the Financial Crisis. The federal funds rate is the interest rate from the Federal Reserve, the central bank in the United States. It is a very important financial indicator and analysts all over the world watch this rate. What is a central bank rate? The federal funds rate is the rate at which financial institutions can borrow overnight from other depository institutions. These overnight loans are vital for banks because they ensure that the bank has constant access to cash, guaranteeing liquidity in the financial system. However, a higher rate means banks prefer to hold their money, slowing the loans issued and causes a decrease in the money supply. While this slows the economy, it also reduces inflation. Historic perspective The history of the federal funds rate shows ups and downs that follow the business cycle. When there is a recession, the rate drops, slowly increasing after the economy recovers. In addition to aggressive asset purchase programs, some central banks, including the European Central Bank, introduced negative interest rates. It remains to be seen how the Federal Reserve and other central banks will react to the next crisis. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of companies that hired MBA graduates from 2008 to 2018 and then those companies that were planning to hire MBA graduates for 2019. In 2019, around 76 percent of companies in this survey said that they intended to hire MBA graduates in the next year. 
 This statistic shows the projected Pinterest user growth in the United States from 2018 to 2022. In 2019, the social network's user figures grew 9.1 percent compared to the previous year. In 2022, development is estimated to slow to a 2 percent annual growth rate. 
 This statistic depicts the per capita consumption of fresh mangoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh mangoes amounted to approximately 3.17 pounds in 2018. In the same year, the consumption of fresh fruit in the U.S. amounted to about 115.14 pounds. 
 The revenue of Saputo Inc., the Montreal-based dairy company, reached approximately 13.5 billion Canadian dollars in 2019. Their revenue has gradually increased year-on-year from 7.3 billion Canadian dollars in 2013. Saputo Inc. Saputo Inc. produces, markets and distributes dairy products. Starting out in Montreal in 1954, today the company also operates in the United States, Argentina and Australia whilst selling their products in over 40 countries globally. Saputo Inc. was the second most successful dairy food processor in North America in 2017 , with annual sales reaching approximately 8.27 billion U.S. dollars in that year. When it comes to the Canadian cheese market, however, Saputo Inc. comes out on top, holding a 25.7 percent share of the whole market in the same year. Canadian dairy trade Canada is a big player in the global trade of dairy products. In 2017, over 440 million U.S. dollars’ worth of dairy and eggs were exported from Canada to the rest of the world. The United States was their biggest trading partner in 2018, receiving around 204 million U.S. dollars’ worth of goods. Canada imports an even larger sum of dairy goods from the United States. In 2018, they received approximately 320 million U.S. dollars of dairy products and eggs. 
 This statistic shows the development of Illinois' GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the GDP of Illinois was 764.21 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the United States from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the gross domestic product per capita in the United States amounted to around 62,868 U.S. dollars. Thus, the United States is one of the countries with the largest GDP per capita worldwide. See the U.S. GDP growth rate here and the US GDP for further information. For comparison, per capita GDP in China had reached about 5,523 U.S. dollars in 2011. Gross domestic product of the United States The gross domestic product (GDP) of a country is an economic key figure, as it represents the market value of goods and services produced in a country within one year. The United States’ GDP) is increasing consistently, and it is expected to continue growing. On a global scale, the U.S. share of GDP adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity has been in the range of 20 percent over the last few years, give or take a few percentage points. The United States has the largest GDP worldwide, with a significant lead over China, Japan and Germany. Gross domestic product per capita is annual GDP divided by the average population from the same year, which allows for a GDP calculation per inhabitant of a country. Thus, a country with a high GDP, like the United States, can still have a low GDP per capita. Consequently, if compared to other countries, the United States does not rank among the top ten on this list . 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Switzerland from 1950 to 2050. The median age of a population is an index that divides the population into two equal groups: half of the population is older than the median age and the other half younger.In 2015, the median age of Switzerland's population was 42.2 years. See Switzerland's population figures for comparison. 
 As of December 2019, Ontario, Canada’s most populous province, was home to the most pet and pet supplies stores across the country. At that time, there were 762 such stores in Ontario. Quebec and British Columbia, the second and third most populous provinces, came next in the ranking with 469 and 348 stores respectively. Are brick-and-mortar pet stores still necessary? In short, yes. Despite the rise of e-commerce, the majority of Canadian pet owners continue to purchase pet food in-store, with just 9.3 percent stating that they bought pet food online in a recent survey. Canadian pet expenditure The average Canadian household spends 631 Canadian dollars annually on their pets, thus creating a huge market for retailers. Although pet expenditure has fluctuated in past years, hitting a high of 650 Canadian dollars in 2016, spending has witnessed a long-term increase since 2010. In the fourth quarter of 2018, retail sales of pet food, supplies and accessories reached an all-time high of 1.57 billion Canadian dollars, an increase of almost 50 percent compared to the fourth quarter of 2014. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Hungary from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Hungary's gross domestic product amounted to around 161.18 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Minnesota Twins from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 269 million U.S. dollars.The Minnesota Twins are owned by James Pohlad, who bought the franchise for 44 million U.S. dollars in 1984. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Dallas Cowboys of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to around 5.5 billion U.S. dollars. The Dallas Cowboys are owned by Jerry Jones who bought the franchise for 150 million U.S. dollars in 1989. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Sweden from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 87.43 percent of Sweden's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic represents passenger vehicle sales in Hong Kong from 2006 through 2016. In 2016, about 41,600 passenger cars were sold in Hong Kong. Worldwide, car sales was forecasted to amount to around 78.7 million in 2019. 
 The statistic depicts the net income of the Bank of America from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the net income of the Bank of America amounted to approximately 28.15 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The Bahamas and Puerto Rico were the countries with the highest gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Latin America and the Caribbean as of 2018. The average GDP generated per person in the Bahamas amounted to almost 31,900 U.S. dollars in 2017 (latest year with available data), whereas the average wealth created per capita in Puerto Rico was estimated at around 31,700 U.S. dollars in 2018. In that same year, this region's lowest GDP per capita was that of Haiti, at nearly 870 U.S. dollars. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is an important indicator to measure the economic strength of a country and the average wealth of its population. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Chicago Blackhawks from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Chicago Blackhawks amounted to 208 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Ghana from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 56.06 percent of Ghana's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the total amount of nickel mined in Indonesia from 2006 to 2019. In 2006, some 157 thousand metric tons of nickel were mined across the country. Since then, this figure increased to some 800 thousand in 2019. 
 This statistic shows Square's gross payment volume (GPV) from 2012 to 2019. In the most recent fiscal period, the company's gross payment volume amounted to 106.24 billion U.S. dollars, up from 84.65 billion in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Lebanon from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Lebanon was at approximately 6.2 percent. 
 This statistic presents the development of total assets of JPMorgan Chase from 2006 to 2018. The total assets of JPMorgan Chase increased from approximately 1.35 trillion U.S. dollars in 2006 to approximately 2.62 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Arizona Diamondbacks from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Arizona Diamondbacks was 26,364. • Arizona Diamondbacks total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows Square's gross payment volume (GPV) from 2012 to 2019. In the most recent fiscal period, the company's gross payment volume amounted to 106.24 billion U.S. dollars, up from 84.65 billion in 2018. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration rate in Singapore from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 84 percent of the Singaporean population were using the internet. In 2023, this figure is projected to grow to 97 percent. 
 The total number of live births fluctuated in the past years in Denmark. Since 2013, the number of live births increased generally. As of 2018, there were approximately 61.5 thousand live births registered. Among them, most of newborn babies were boys, reaching a number of roughly 31.6 thousand. The number of live female births remained stable from 2016 to 2018, at around 29.9 thousand girls. Age of women giving birth In the period from 2008 to 2018, the average age of Danish women giving birth increased slightly. In 2008, it was 30.8 years, while it reached 31 years in 2018. It is due to women focusing on building a successful career first before becoming a mother. However, mothers can take paid leave to care for their baby without having to quit their job in Denmark. Stillborn children The number of babies that died during the pregnancy or during the birth was lowest in 2015 in Denmark. In the following two years, the number of stillborn children increased again, amounting to 256 stillbirths. 
 This statistic presents the total contribution of travel and tourism to GDP in Turkey from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. Over this period, the contribution of the travel and tourism industry to GDP in Turkey increased, reaching around 359 billion Turkish liras in 2017. 
 This statistic provides data on advertising expenditure in Vietnam from 2004 to 2013 as well as estimates/forecasts until 2018. In 2016, ad expenditure in Vietnam was estimated at 1.22 billion U.S. dollars. Furthermore, the source predicts ad spend in the country to grow to approximately 1.46 billion U.S. dollars by 2018. 
 The statistic shows the number of Toyota Motor Corporation employees from the fiscal year of 2012 to the fiscal year of 2019. Toyota employed some 370,870 people in the 2019 fiscal year. The Toyota Motor Corporation is ranked among the largest automobile manufacturers in the world. Number of Toyota employees The Toyota Motor Corporation, a Japanese company headquartered in Toyota, Aichi, is one of the world’s leading car manufacturers. The company is responsible for some of the best-selling car models such as the Corolla or Camry. During the fiscal year ended March 2019, Toyota generated sales and revenue streams of around 30.2 trillion Japanese yen. Over half of all Toyota vehicles were sold in Japan or North America. Toyota sold more than 10.6 million vehicles in FY 2019. Its main competitors include the Renault-Nissan alliance, Volkswagen, and General Motors. The leading automotive manufacturer based on sales, Volkswagen, has more employees than Toyota: around 656,000 people worldwide in 2018. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the San Francisco 49ers, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the San Francisco 49ers was 492 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Taiwan from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the unemployment rate in Taiwan was at approximately 3.71 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Baltimore Ravens from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Baltimore Ravens was 70,627. 
 The timeline illustrates the total US ton-miles of freight from 1990 to 2015 and gives a projection through 2045. In 2015, there were a total of 5.16 trillions of ton-miles of freight. The highest share of freight was moved by truck. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Cleveland Indians from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Cleveland Indians was 22,008. • Cleveland Indians total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the total population of Nigeria from 2014 to 2024. All figures have been estimated. In 2018, the total population of Nigeria amounted to approximately 195.88 million inhabitants. 
 The statistic presents the net profit/loss of Sega Sammy Holdings from fiscal years 2010 to 2019. In the last fiscal year that ended March 31, 2019, Sega Sammy reported a profit of 2.6 billion Japanese yen. 
 Sponsorship spending on the National Football League (NFL) and its teams has increased annually since 2010, reaching 1.39 billion U.S. dollars worldwide during the 2018 season. Nike is one of the league’s main sponsors, providing uniform and apparel to all 32 NFL teams since 2012 – the two parties agreed a long-term extension to their rights partnership in 2018. Why are sponsorship deals worth so much? Sponsors are prepared to spend large amounts of money to get their brand displayed on big screens and pitch-side hoardings in stadiums across the NFL. Attracting the attention of supporters within the stadiums is one aim, but the primary motive for the investment is to have the brand exposed to the millions of TV viewers worldwide – the average television viewership of an NFL regular-season game in the United States during the 2018 season was around 16 million. Sports sponsorship across the U.S. The NFL is by far the most popular sport in terms of TV viewership in the United States: NFL games accounted for around 75 percent of the top 25 most-watched sporting events in the United States in 2018. It is no surprise, then, that the NFL generates more money from sponsorship deals than both the National Basketball Association (NBA) and Major League Baseball (MLB). Figures for the NBA increased significantly during the 2017-2018 season as it began allowing shirt sponsorship for the first time. 
 This statistic represents the number of Continental AG employees from the fiscal year of 1999 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the German automotive supplier employed some 243,200 people. Continental's key products include automotive electronics components and tires; the company is ranked among the world's largest tire manufacturers. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual household food expenditure in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the average U.S. household food expenditure amounted to approximately 7,923 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total sugar beet production worldwide from 1965 to 2018. In 2017, about 301 million metric tons of sugar beet were produced worldwide. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Denver Broncos, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Denver Broncos was 446 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the estimated total market size for personalized medicine worldwide from 2015 to 2024, measured in billion U.S. dollars. In 2015, the personalized medicine market was valued at around 1.26 trillion U.S. dollars in total worldwide. 
 The total number of unsuccessfully funded projects on the U.S. crowdfunding platform Kickstarter amounted to 291,825 up to December 11, 2019. The number of projects that were 0 percent funded was 55,488 up to this point. Crowdfunding failure Putting yourself, your ideas and your projects out into the world and subjecting them to the possibility of public scrutiny is not the easiest pill to swallow for a lot of people, and failure can be hard to accept. The over hundred thousand of unsuccessfully funded projects on US crowdfunding platform Kickstarter are no exception to the crowdfunding industry. Many crowdfunders fail to get the backing they require from investors but that isn’t to say that there aren’t a lot of successfully funded projects emerging from the crowdfunding arena. The concept of crowdfunding is growing all over the world, as is the growth in the number of platforms on which entrepreneurs can get their ideas funded. When embarking upon a crowdfunding campaign, it is important to have a solid plan in place. As failure of a campaign by not reaching the financial goal can go some way to changing the public perception of the project, business and online-reputation of the company before it even has a chance to get off the ground. However, with the economic climate the way it is, crowdfunding has been widely praised as a good alternative to the conventional methods such as lending from banks or finding accredited investments. 
 The timeline shows the passenger car production of BMW worldwide from 1999 to 2014. In 2014, BMW produced around 2.17 million passenger cars worldwide. BMW is ranked among the 15 largest automakers worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in Florida from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in Florida amounted to 54,644 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the life expectancy of men in London from 1991-1993 to 2014-2016. There was a steady increase over this period, totaling 7.1 years. In 2014-2016, the life expectancy at birth of a male in London was of 80.4 years. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Cambodia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Cambodia was 1.02 percent. 
 The meningitis death rate in Canada has remained relatively stable since 2000, with some yearly changes. According to the data, the death rate dropped from 0.2 per 100,000 population in 2011 to 0.1 in 2012. The same drop occurred in 2014 and 2015. Meningitis occurs when there is an inflammation of the meninges, the membrane that surrounds the brain and spinal cord. Meningitis overview There are two types of meningitis, bacterial and viral. However, other forms of meningitis can occur from fungal infections, cancers and allergic reactions. There is a vaccination against bacterial meningitis that is available in most countries, but vaccination coverage varies. In the U.S., for example, over 83 percent of adolescents have received a vaccination. Trends indicate that elsewhere in the world meningitis vaccination is improving. In China, the meningitis vaccination Global meningitis and vaccination Meningitis occurs worldwide and in many low and middle-income countries meningitis remains a serious public health concern. Within Africa the death rate from meningitis among adolescents is even higher than the death rates for HIV/AIDS and road injuries. However, within higher income countries, death rates from meningitis have decreased. Spain, for example, has seen a decrease in the number of annual deaths associated with meningitis from 2006 to 2017. Within Europe, France saw the highest number of deaths from meningococcal disease in 2017, followed by the United Kingdom and Poland. 
 This statistic shows the number of visitors to the Centre Pompidou in Paris from 2007 to 2013. There were approximately 3.75 million visitors to the Centre Pompidou in Paris in 2013, down from 3.8 million in 2012. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Pittsburgh Penguins from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Pittsburgh Penguins amounted to 184 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Malta from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Malta amounted to about 1.74 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the population density in Japan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the density of Japan's population amounted to 347.07 inhabitants per square kilometer. 
 This statistic shows the results of a representative Statista survey conducted in 2016 about the most popular TV shows in Germany. That year, The Big Bang Theory was the most popular TV show, according to 24 percent of respondents, followed by Two and a Half Men (20 percent) and Game of Thrones (18 percent). The most popular German TV show is the crime series Tatort (11 percent). 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Romania from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Romania was at approximately 4.16 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Latvia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Latvia had amounted to about 2.55 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The population of Italy is getting older every year. In 2019, the average age of the Italian population was 45.4 years, about two years more than the average age registered in 2011. However, the age differs significantly depending on the region. According to the average age estimated for 2020, the “oldest” inhabitants of the Italian peninsula live in the region of Liguria (average age 49.1 years), whereas the youngest inhabited Campania (43 years on average). Women live longer than men The difference in the average age of the population can be observed not only on a regional basis, but also between genders. In 2017, Italian women were on average roughly three years older than men. When it comes to the life expectancy, studies confirm the longevity of Italian women - females in Italy are expected to live on average five years longer than men. The Old Continent In 2019, Europe was the continent with the highest share of population older than 65 years. Whereas the worldwide percentage of population over 65 years was of nine percent, the percentage of elderly people in the Old Continent reached about 18 percent. 
 This statistic shows the development of Alaska's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the real GDP of Alaska was about 52.31 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic illustrates the operating revenue of Frontier Airlines from 2004 to 2018. In 2018, the American regional airline generated total revenue to the value of over 2.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the change in the amount of average savings of people in the United Kingdom between 2012 and 2014. Average savings do not include groups with high savings (12 percent of the population, starting at 50,000 British pounds in savings and over). In 2012, the average amount people held in savings was 9,800 British pounds. 
 This graph shows the growth in the U.S. import volume of trade goods from Russia from 1992 to 2019. In 2019, U.S. imports from Russia amounted to approximately 22.28 billion U.S. dollars. Russia Russia's foreign trade balance of goods generated a surplus of about 187 billion U.S. dollars, with more resulting from exports than imports in 2014. Russia exported trade goods valued about 353 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. In a global ranking of national exports, Russia was sixteenth. Leading exporters like China, the United States, and Germany are exporting goods worth between 1.5 and 2.5 trillion U.S. dollars. The placement of Russia’s export ranking is linear with its placement on the ranking of the biggest economies in the world. Russia had the eleventh largest GDP worldwide with about 1.6 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. Russia's most important export countries are mostly its direct neighbors, like China, Ukraine, Belarus, Poland, and Kazakhstan. About 35 percent of all exports go to neighboring countries. China is the most important country within the aforementioned nations, which takes about 8 percent of Russia's exported goods. The United States are not among the top ten. The nation sits in twelfth place of Russia's export destinations, with about three percent. The products exported from Russia are unsurprisingly mainly mineral products and metals, with crude and refined petroleum making up for 54 percent of all exports. The main export product apart from resources is wheat. Exported wheat from Russia was valued at about 6.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2012. Russia is one of the principal wheat exporters. Although the development of Russia's exports has been somewhat positive in recent years, the political crisis with the Ukraine, resulting in economic sanctions applied by important trade countries like Germany, the EU, the United States and many others, might have dampened foreign trade altogether. The result was a negative growth in exports of about five percent in 2014. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Oman from 2014 to 2024*. In 2018, Oman's real gross domestic product increased by around 1.76 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic gives information on B2C e-commerce sales as percentage of the gross domestic product in the United States from 2009 to 2018. In 2013, B2C e-commerce accounted for 1.24 percent of the GDP in the United States. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Calgary Flames from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Calgary Flames amounted to 138 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Syria from 2000 to 2010. In 2010, the total population of Syria was at approximately 21.4 million inhabitants. The Syrian refugee crisis The war in Syria has been escalating since 2011, which has made it difficult to estimate the current population of the country. The population of the country was last determined to be over 21 million in 2010. Previously, population growth rates had been relatively high, but since the war, Syria has been experiencing the opposite, and now claims the highest rate of population decline in the world. Large numbers of Syrians have been fleeing the county and others have lost their lives due to the conflict within the country’s borders. As of October 2015, the total number of casualties had risen to over 250,000 - including around 116,000 civilians and about 13,000 children. This has caused more than 4 million people to flee the country, making it the worst refugee crisis of our generation. Still, millions more have also been internally displaced and the sheer scale of the crisis is evident. Neighboring counties have received large numbers of Syrian refugees, but the crisis is now being felt across Europe as thousands of refugees are risking their lives everyday migrating to Europe in search of a brighter future. European cooperation is needed and not all countries are meeting Europe’s migrant quota. 
 This timeline shows the number of employees of the adidas Group worldwide from 2000 to 2018. At the end of the 2015 fiscal year, the adidas Group had 55,555 employees worldwide.AdidasAdidas AG is the largest sportswear manufacturer in Europe and the second largest in the world. The Adidas Group's global net sales amounted to about 21.22 billion euros in 2017. In 2014, the North American region of the Adidas Group generated 19 percent of the company's retail net sales.The Adidas Group owns several sporting brands, including Reebok and Taylor Made. Reebok is seen as a cheaper and less of a premium brand. This allows Adidas to release any significant breakthroughs in research and development through the Reebok brand slightly behind the release through Adidas. As a result, they are able to do this cheaper than a lot of the competition.As well as sponsoring individual sports personalities like David Beckham and Damian Lillard, Adidas also sponsors major organizations such as FIFA and UEFA competitions, the NBA and the Olympics. By making these actions, Adidas increases their product awareness globally and raises its customer base; maintaining its appeal as one of the most valuable sports business brands in the world. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Manpower Group worldwide from 2006 to 20119. Global human resources consulting firm Manpower Group generated approximately 20.86 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2019. In 2018, Manpower ranked as the third largest staffing and temporary employment company in the world, behind the Swiss firm Adecco and Randstad. 
 The timeline presents the per capita consumption of fresh broccoli in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh broccoli amounted to approximately 5.9 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic depicts a forecast of the total global demand for potash fertilizer from 2014 to 2023. In 2023, the global demand for potash fertilizers is expected to reach some 45.7 million metric tons. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of tree nuts (shelled) in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The U.S. per capita consumption of tree nuts amounted to five pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Algeria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Algeria amounted to about 4.27 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the population density in the European Union from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the population density in the EU amounted to approximately 121.08 inhabitants per square kilometer. See the total EU population figures for more information. 
 Between 2014 and 2018, the annual number of crimes committed in the country decreased. In 2014, the number of crimes reported by the police to the judicial authority amounted to 2.8 million, whereas in 2018, this figure decreased to 2.4 million. Crime in ItalyIn 2017, the most common crime in Italy was theft – the police reported about 1.3 million delinquencies of this kind to the juridical authority. The three regions which registered the highest number of thefts were Lombardy, Lazio and Emilia-Romagna. Fiat Panda: the most frequently stolen passenger car in Italy Vehicle theft is another common crime in Italy, which in 2017 about 20 percent of Italians feared . In the year considered, the most frequently stolen passenger cars were the Fiat Panda, Fiat Punto and Fiat Cinquecento. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of Egypt from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP). The figures refer to the whole country and include the debts of the state, the communities, the municipalities and the social insurances. In 2018, the national debt of Egypt amounted to approximately 92.65 percent of the GDP. 
 This statistic shows the average annual wages in Slovakia from 2000 to 2018. Over this period, the annual average rose by over 5 thousand euros, peaking at 13.8 thousand euros in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the gross sales of Mattel's Hot Wheels brand worldwide from 2016 to 2019. In 2019, Mattel's Hot Wheels brand generated gross sales amounting to 925.9 million U.S. dollars globally, up from 834 million U.S. dollars the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Hungary from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Hungarian population was 41.7 years. 
 Christian Dior SE, or simply known as Dior, is one of France’s most emblematic luxury goods company. As of December 2016, 26 percent of its revenue came from Asian countries (excluding Japan), seven percent of its revenue came from Japan, 26 percent from the United States, 19 percent from Europe (excluding France). France was responsible for 10 percent of its revenue and other markets such as South Africa, Brazil and countries from the Arabian Gulf accounted for 12 percent of its revenue. Bernard Arnault, Dior’s chairman is one of the world’s richest men and leading art collectors Dior’s chairman, Bernard Arnault figures among the richest men in the world. With total assets estimated at approximately 76 billion U.S. dollars, Arnault was the world’s fourth richest man and the richest man in Europe according to Forbes in 2019. He also participated transform the LMVH – a French luxury goods conglomerate formed by the fusion of Moët Hennessy and the French fashion house Louis Vuitton, into a major patron of arts in France. As LMVH’s CEO, Arnault is reportedly one of the seven wealthiest art collectors in France as of 2017. His private collection, often exposed together with pieces owned by the LMVH, includes pieces of art made by iconic painters such as Picasso and Andy Warhol. Both companies are under Arnault’s control but still show different performances At the end of the fiscal year 2015/2016, the Christian Dior SE reported a revenue of 21,436 million euros and a net profit estimated at 2,724 million euros, Dior’s revenue seemed to have decreased in comparison to 2014 and 2015. On the other hand, its subsidiary and apparent winning horse, the LMVH, has more than doubled its total revenue since 2009: 17,053 million in 2009 and 46,826 million of euros in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Costa Rica from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Costa Rica amounted to about 2.22 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, there were 153.07 million people registered to vote in the United States. Although this was an increase from 1996, when 127.66 million people were registered to vote, it’s lower than the peak of 157.6 million registered voters in 2016. Voting requirements While voting laws differ from state to state, the basic requirements are the same across the entire country. People are allowed to vote in elections in the United States if they are a U.S. citizen, meet their state’s residency requirements, are at least 18 years old before Election Day, and are registered to vote before the registration deadline. Vote early and often Generally, younger people are not registered to vote at the same rate as older individuals. Additionally, young people tend not to vote as much as older people, particularly in midterm elections. However, in the 2016 presidential election, a significant number of people across all age groups voted in the election, resulting in a high voter turnout. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Romania from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Romanian population was 41.3 years. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Afghanistan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Afghanistan was at about 47.9 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Serbia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Serbia amounted to about 1.96 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the projected residential solar PV market value in the United States from 2011 to 2016. In 2012, it is estimated that the residential solar PV industry will have a market value of around 2.3 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average retail price of rabbit meat in France from 2008 to 2015, in euros per kilo. According to the source, the average retail price of rabbit meat increased every year during this period of time, reaching 9.31 euros per kilo in 2015. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Sub-Saharan Africa from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, aggregated GDP per capita in Sub-Saharan Africa amounted to around 4,097.85 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the number of employees at S&P Global from 2012 to 2019. In 2019, S&P Global, formerly McGraw-Hill Financial, employed approximately 23,000 persons. 
 This statistic shows the amount of tobacco produced in the U.S. from 2000 to 2019. In 2018, more than 533 million pounds of tobacco were produced in the United States. China was the largest tobacco producer worldwide in 2018. 
 This statistic shows Weatherford International's total revenue between 2007 and 2018. Weatherford International Oil Field Services Ltd is one of the world's largest international oil and natural gas service companies. In 2018, the company brought in a total revenue of around 5.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Colorado Rockies games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 27.29 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Philadelphia Phillies from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 341 million U.S. dollars.The Phialdelphia Phillies are owned by John Middleton and the Buck Family, who bought the team for 30 million U.S. dollars in 1981. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Austria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Austria amounted to around 8.89 million inhabitants. See figures for Switzerland's population and the population of Italy for comparison. 
 The statistic shows the size of the hosting and cloud computing market from 2010 to 2020. In 2018, the market for cloud computing and hosting services is predicted to be worth 118 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. 
 In 2018, over 1.85 billion domestic tourist visits were made within India, an increase from the previous year. Interestingly, an exponential rise in the domestic tourist visits was seen from the year 2000 to the present across the country. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Great Smoky Mountains National Park amounted to approximately 12.55 million in 2019. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual prices for iron ore from 2014 through 2018, with forecasted figures for 2018 to 2025. In 2018, the average price for iron ore stood at 69.8 nominal U.S. dollars per dry metric ton. 
 The statistic shows the total population of Australia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Australia had a total population of about 25.17 million people. Population of Australia Australia is among the ten largest countries in the world, in terms of area size, although its total population is low in numbers compared to other countries. Not all of Australia’s land mass has been reclaimed and urbanized, as most of Australia’s inhabitants live in metropolises and cities on the country’s coasts. The majority of Australians is of European descent (predominantly British), and only a small minority belongs to the indigenous population, the Aborigines. Although the number of Australians is rising slowly and continuously, year-on-year population growth in Australia has only recently recovered from a slight slump in 2010 and 2011, while the fertility rate has been stable over the last decade. Standard of living is fairly high in Australia, which can be seen when looking at the Human Development Index, which ranks countries by their level of human development and living standards, such as their unemployment rate, literacy rate or life expectancy at birth. Life expectancy of Australia’s population is quite high in international comparison, for example, Australia is also among the leading countries when it comes to this key factor. Economically speaking, Australia is also among the leading nations, with a steadily rising employment rate, an increasing gross domestic product (GDP) with a steady growth rate, and a relatively stable share in the global GDP. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Sub-Saharan Africa from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Sub-Saharan Africa amounted to about 8.45 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of immigrants in Indonesia in 2005, 2010, 2015 and 2017. In 2010, there were approximately 305 thousand immigrants living in Indonesia. 
 This timeline illustrates Ferrari's global net revenue between the 2012 and 2018 fiscal years. The Maranello-based luxury carmaker generated around 3.4 billion euros in net revenue in the 2018 fiscal year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Texas Rangers from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 324 million U.S. dollars.The Texas Rangers are owned by Ray Davis, who bought the franchise for 593 million U.S. dollars in 2010. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Botswana from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Botswana was at 37.52 percent. 
 This statistic shows the sugar production in the United States from 2009/2010 to 2018/2019. As one of the leading sugar producing countries, the United States produced approximately 7.2 million metric tons of sugar in 2009/2010. The world sugar production amounted to about 165.8 million metric tons in 2015/2016. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Israel from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Israel's gross domestic product had amounted to around 370.59 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in Tai Chi in the United States from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in Tai Chi amounted to approximately 3.76 million. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Dallas Mavericks of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the Dallas Mavericks franchise had an estimated value of 2.4 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows a forecast for the worldwide data volume of internet video to TV from 2016 to 2021, in petabytes per month. In 2018, global traffic from internet videos viewed through television devices such as internet-ready set-top boxes is estimated to reach 23,387 petabytes per month. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Austria from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Austrian population was 43.2 years. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Rwanda from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Rwanda's gross domestic product amounted to around 9.51 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration in Peru from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 52.54 percent of the Peruvian population accessed the internet, up from nearly 48.73 percent a year earlier. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate of Black married-couple families in the U.S. from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, 7.1 percent of Black married-couple families were living below the poverty line in the United States. Poverty is the state of one who lacks a certain amount of material possessions or money. Absolute poverty or destitution is inability to afford basic human needs, which commonly includes clean and fresh water, nutrition, health care, education, clothing and shelter. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to the gross domestic product (GDP) in Russia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Russia amounted to about 32.62 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 This statistic presents the development of the annual short-term interest rate for Turkey between 2009 and 2016, with further projections for 2017 and 2018. Turkey's short-term interest rate was at a low of 6.93 percent in 2013 and it peaked just two year later in 2015 at 10.95 percent. Nevertheless, the projections for 2017 and 2018 estimate that the short-term interest rate would be between eight and nine percent. 
 This statistic shows the economic damage caused by tornadoes in the United States from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, tornadoes resulted in approximately 672 million U.S. dollars worth of damage across the United States. 
 This statistic shows the annual growth of the gross domestic product (GDP) of Canada from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, the GDP of Canada had increased by 3.05 percent over the previous year's GDP. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Quebec from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Quebec's GDP was 367.07 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Ivory Coast from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the inflation rate in Ivory Coast amounted to about 0.69 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic illustrates Amazon.com's fulfillment expenses from 2001 to 2019. In the most recently reported fiscal year, Amazon's fulfillment expenses amounted to 40.23 billion U.S. dollars, up from 34 billion U.S. dollars in the year before. 
 The statistic shows a ranking of the participating national teams at the 2014 FIFA World Cup in Brazil by average age of players. The average age of the Germany squad for the World Cup in Brazil is 26.3 years. Average player age of the 2014 World Cup squads - additional information There were a total of 736 players across 32 teams in the World Cup, picked from domestic leagues in 52 countries. The Cameroon squad had an average age of 26.9, which matched the average age of all of the players at the tournament. This overall average marks a small change from the average of 27 years and 5 months at each of the last three FIFA World Cups. 58 players celebrated their birthday over the course of the tournament, including Argentina’s Lionel Messi, the most valuable player at the World Cup, who turned 27 on 24th June. Argentina, who had the fifth most valuable team at the World Cup also went into the tournament with the oldest team on average (28.5 years). This squad included Martín Demichelis, Hugo Campagnaro and Maxi Rodríguez, all of whom were 33 at the start of the tournament, thus making them the joint 32nd oldest players in the World Cup. Ghana had the most youthful squad with the team’s average age standing at 24.9. AC Milan’s Michael Essien, aged 31, was the only squad member over the age of 30. The oldest player at the whole tournament was Colombian goalkeeper Faryd Mondragon, aged 43. By coming on as a substitute in the 85th minute of Colombia’s final group game against Japan, he became the oldest player ever to play in a World Cup game at the age of 43 years and 3 days, surpassing the record set by Cameroon’s Roger Milla at the 1994 World Cup in the USA. The youngest player at the 2014 tournament was 18 year old Cameroonian forward Fabrice Olinga, although he remained an unused substitute throughout. Had he been selected, Olinga would have become the ninth-youngest player in World Cup history. The youngest-ever is Norman Whiteside, who played for Northern Ireland at Spain 1982 just 41 days after turning 17. 
 Since 2013, an average of 20.9 million travelers annually boarded the Eurostar or Le Shuttle in the United Kingdom. Although one of noticeably over-budgeted construction projects, after its opening in 1994 the Channel Tunnel has grown to become an important means of transport for passengers journeying to and from the UK. Light at the end of the tunnel 2012 marked the first year the Channel Tunnel overtook the number of sea traveling passengers entering and exiting the UK. Although sea travel recovered in the following three years, the general trend of decline in ferry usage was undeniable. Trains had again pushed ahead of short sea travel in 2016 and 2017. Tunnel vision With a length of 50.45 kilometers, the Channel Tunnel is the fourth longest railroad and road tunnel as of May 2018. Of the leading five entries, three were located in Europe. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Milwaukee Brewers from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 288 million U.S. dollars.The Milwaukee Brewers are owned by Mark Attanasio, who bought the franchise for 223 million U.S. dollars in 2005. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in the Czech Republic from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Czech population was 41.4 years. 
 This statistic displays the share of hot beverages consumed most often by individuals in the United Kingdom (UK) in 2015. Of respondents, 44 percent drink tea most often, followed by 21 percent who drink instant coffee. Hot drinks have always played an important role in British culture, particularly in the case of tea, as seen in the high and rising market value of hot drinks. Recently, however, the increasing popularity of coffee has dented sales of tea, turning Brits into a nation of coffee drinkers. This has been furthered exaggerated by cheaper and easier access to premium coffee via the likes of coffee pod machines. Tea is also making a new name for itself, however, with loose leaf tea, as well as fruit and herbal teas, appealing to the many that are improving their eating habits and following current health and wellness trends. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Yemen from 1994 to 2024. In 2018, the estimated average inflation rate in Yemen amounted to about 27.6 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Oakland Athletics franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.1 billion U.S. dollars. The Oakland Athletics are owned by Lewis Wolff and John Fisher, who bought the franchise for 180 million U.S. dollars in 2005. 
 This statistic shows public sector expenditure on local public transport in the United Kingdom from 2011/12 to 2018/19. In total over this period, the expenditure on local public transport has declined. In 2018/19 the UK spent approximately 2.7 billion British pounds on local public transport. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Los Angeles Chargers, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Los Angeles Chargers was 375 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the approximate number of employees at General Electric each year from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, General Electric employed around 283,000 people worldwide. Total number of GE employees General Electric conducts business in virtually every part of the world, with over 180 countries served. GE is active in the fields of energy, aircraft components, medical electrical devices and lighting. With revenue streams of approximately 122 billion U.S. dollars and a brand value of about 50.2 billion U.S. dollars, GE is ranked among the most valuable brands worldwide. In 2018, the diversified infrastructure and financial services corporation employed around 283,000 people worldwide, some 97,000 of which were based in the United States. The firm’s aviation segment raked in the most revenue. Following a tax hike in its home state, the formerly Connecticut-headquartered company decided to move its home base to Boston to keep payments in check. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees of Starwood Hotels & Resorts worldwide from 2008 to 2015. Starwood Hotels & Resorts employed approximately 188,000 staff members in 2015. Starwood Hotels & Resorts was founded in 1969 and now has more than 1,200 properties worldwide. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in New Zealand from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 86.54 percent of New Zealand's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 As per recent data exploring the number of people employed by Hewlett Packard Enterprise (previously a part of Hewlett-Packard Company) worldwide between 2015 and 2019, in 2019 the company had 61.6 thousand employees. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Scotland between 2000 and 2019. The unemployment rate was at its lowest in the most recent period, in 2019, having fallen to 3.6 percentage points since the peak of 8.2 percent in 2010. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Life Time Fitness, Inc. company from 2012 to 2017. In 2017, the health club chain generated a revenue of around 1.59 billion U.S. dollars. In 2017, the Minnesota (USA) based company operated 130 clubs. 
 This statistic depicts the total consumption of lithium worldwide from 2008 to 2016. In 2016, the total global consumption of lithium reached 212,719 metric tons of lithium carbonate equivalent. Increases in battery demand will be a strong driver of lithium consumption in the near future, but producers are currently limited in their ability to match demands. 
 This statistic shows the reported rate of violent crime in Canada from 2000 to 2018. There were roughly 1,143.5 violent crimes reported per 100,000 residents in Canada in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the New York Jets from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the New York Jets was 78,523. 
 This statistic shows the Amadeus distribution platform market share of global air travel distribution systems from 2010 to 2019. In 2019, the Amadeus held 44 percent of the global air travel distribution systems market. In 2019, the revenue of Amadeus was 6.25 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The sales volume of chocolate bars manufactured in the UK was approximately 40 thousand tons in 2018, an increase of over eight thousand tons from 2017. This constitutes a recovery of the production volume, which collapsed between 2008 and 2011 and fell by just under eighty percent, before it stagnated in the early 2010s. A stagnating market? The corresponding developments in sales values give the same picture as above. In 2017, sales value of UK output amounted to 182.5 million British pounds. The sales price per kilogram of chocolate bar and average purchase volume of UK consumers in the UK has stagnated in recent years. Chocolate bar types Between 2016 and 2017, the average consumer ate 36 grams per week of solid chocolate and a further 49n grams of filled chocolate. The average expenditure per person per week on chocolate bars has overall gone up in the last decade for both types of products. Sales values of filled bars made in the UK have seen a decline since 2008. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Indonesia from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Indonesia was at about 21.1 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Utah Jazz franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.55 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows Brandstätter Group' revenue generated through Playmobil worldwide from 2004 to 2012. In 2004, the revenue was at 359 million euros. 
 The statistic depicts the total revenue of 18 clubs of the German Bundesliga from 2008/09 to 2017/18. In the 2017/18 season, the revenue was at over 3.8 billion euros. German Bundesliga revenue - additional information The total revenue generated by the German Bundesliga reached an all-time high of around 3.8 billion euros in the 2017/18 season. Of this revenue, some 1.25 billion euros came from media receipts and a further 872 million euros was generated from advertising. Match revenue contributed an additional 14.12 percent to the total income and transfers accounted for 16.93 percent. Kit sponsorship continued to be a key source of income for Bundesliga teams, with the estimated revenue from this form of sponsorship reaching 180 million euros in the 2018/19 season. Bayern Munich, champions of the Bundesliga since the 2012/13 season, had the most lucrative kit sponsorship deal as they received a reported 35 million euros from their partnership with Telekom, while VfL Wolfsburg earned 20 million euros through their deal with Volkswagen. Bayern Munich is also the most valuable brand in the Bundesliga, with its global value estimated at just over 1.4 billion euros in 2014. The second most valuable Bundesliga club, Borussia Dortmund, had an estimated brand value of 587 million euros. Bayern Munich was the fourth largest football brand worldwide in 2018, only beaten by the likes of Real Madrid and Manchester United, whose brand values stood at 1.57 billion and 1.9 billion respectively. The total expenditure of the German Bundesliga reached 3.41 billion euros in 2017/18, the highest figure to-date. Some 839 million of these costs, equivalent to 22.6 percent, were spent on transfers and a further 260.28 million euros were spent on staff. 
 In 2018, the Italian fashion company Benetton Group reported a turnover of almost one billion Euros. Despite the impressive figure, the turnover of 2018 represented a decrease for Benetton compared to the previous years. Indeed, in 2011, the first year considered in this graph, the turnover of the company amounted to approximately 1.6 billion Euros. Despite reporting a decreasing turnover over the years considered, the company increased its workforce almost threefold, growing from 1.3 thousand employees in 2011 to over 3.5 thousand in 2017. Leaders in clothing manufacturing Founded in 1965 in Treviso, Benetton Group is one of the best-known fashion companies in the world and is present in the most important markets. With sales revenues amounting to approximately 1.3 billion Euros, Benetton ranked among the leading Italian brands both in the women’s outerwear and in the men’s outerwear segment, competing with luxury brands such as Salvatore Ferragamo, Dolce & Gabbana and Valentino, to name a few. Clothing manufacture is moving overseas Italy stands out for its fashion manufacturing industry, famous all over the world due to high quality and elegant design. However, due to the financial crisis that started in 2008 and a steady process of delocalization to countries where production costs are cheaper, the sector has been losing its edge in Italy. The turnover of the wearing apparel manufacturing industry decreased steadily from 2011 to 2017, and, together with that, also the number of individuals employed in the sector. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Arizona Diamondbacks games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 20.86 U.S. dollars. 
 There were 787 homicides recorded in the United Kingdom in 2018/19, the fewest number of homicides recoded since 2015/16, but also the third highest amount of homicides in a reporting year since 2007/08 when there were 920. Compared with 2002/03, there were 428 fewer homicides in the United Kingdom in the most recent reporting year. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Peru from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Peru was at approximately 2.9 percent. 
 In 2018, around 155.76 million people were employed in the United States. For 2020, an increase by almost 2 million employed people is expected. Willing but unable The American unemployment rate has seen its ups and downs over the last decades; recovery from an alarming increase in unemployment during the financial crisis in 2009 and the Great Recession fueled by job loss and bankruptcies could only recently be declared, after the Obama administration focused on job creation from 2010 on. Since then, unemployment has been on a downward trend while employment figures are steadily increasing. The Great Inherited Recession The financial crisis happened under President Bush, when the housing market bubble in the United States burst and caused a global banking crisis. Millions of Americans lost their homes and their jobs and thus their source of income. Since the economy usually takes a few years to react to and recover from such a crisis, the United States suffered the consequences for several years. Key economic indicators, like the unemployment rate or the inflation rate, did not recover fully until 2016, meaning that remnants of the crisis were inherited by the next sitting U.S. President, Barack Obama. In the same vein, current U.S. President, Donald Trump, now benefits from the Obama job creation initiative, since unemployment today is historically low. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Jacksonville Jaguars, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Jacksonville Jaguars was 424 million U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Dallas Mavericks games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 54.24 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the percentage change on the previous year of housing prices in Belgium in 2018 with a forecast for 2019 and 2020. In 2019, housing prices in Belgium are expected to increase with 2.3 percent compared to the previous year. In recent years, the housing market in Belgium remained stable. Between 2005 and 2015 for example, the number of real estate transactions in housing in the Flemish region increased from approximately 39,500 transactions in 2005 to a value of approximately 43,000 transactions in 2014. This was due to Belgium's fiscal system. When purchasing a house in Belgium, consumers pay the asking price plus ten (in Flanders) or 12 percent (in Wallonia and the Brussels capital region) in registration rights. 
 This statistic shows the total cheese production in the United States from 2013 to 2019. In 2018, about 5.91million metric tons of cheese were produced in the United States, up from 5.73 million metric tons in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the trend in pineapple production worldwide from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, the global production of pineapples amounted to 27.92 million metric tons. 
 This statistic shows inbound tourism in Qatar from 2013 to 2022 . In 2013, the number of inbound tourists in Qatar was one million. This figure was forecasted to increase to 3.7 million by 2022. 
 The statistic shows the share of female participants in the Olympic summer games from 1992 to 2016. In the 2012, 44.2 percent of participants in the Olympic summer games were women. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Hungary from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Hungary's real gross domestic product grew by around 4.94 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018 the United Kingdom suffered 60 terrorist attacks, the highest of any country in the European Union. This was still fewer than the previous year, which included the Manchester Arena Bombings on the 22 May, and the London Bridge attack on June 11 the two deadliest terrorist attacks in the UK since the London 7/7 attacks in 2005. In 2018, France had the second highest number of terrorist attacks at 30, followed by Italy which had 13. Vehicle attacks in EuropeTerrorist attacks using a vehicle to deliberately drive though a crowd has been used increasingly by terrorists in the mid to late 2010s. This tactic was used in the 2016 Nice truck attack, which targeted people celebrating Bastille Day and resulted in the deaths of 86 people. The type of attack occurred at the Berlin Christmas Markets on December 19 that year, which saw 12 people lose their lives and 56 others injured. Global terrorism spike after 2013 Between 2007 and 2012 the number of deaths caused by terrorism worldwide declined from over 22.7 thousand to just under 11.1 thousand. From 2013 onwards however terrorist fatalities rose, reaching over 32.7 thousand in 2014. Although terrorist fatalities declined after 2014, they have not yet descended to pre 2013 levels. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Singapore from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, it is estimated that there will be around 4.7 million social network users in the country, up from 4.2 million in 2017. 
 This statistic presents the value of domestic travel and tourism spending in the United Kingdom from 2012 to 2018, with a forecast for 2028. Domestic expenditure in 2017 reached 136.2 billion British pounds. This figure is expected to increase in 2018 and and 2028. 
 The statistic shows fossil fuel energy consumption in the United States between 1985 and 2018. Here, the consumption of energy derived from fossil fuels came to approximately 81.2 quadrillion British thermal units in 2018. Fossil fuel energies – additional informationFossil fuels are hydrocarbon-containing natural resources formed from the remains of dead plants or animals that have been subject to immense pressure from a buildup of layers over millions of years. There are three major forms of fossil fuels: coal, oil, and natural gas which were considered the world's primary energy source since the Industrial Revolution in the 18th century. The energy demand in the United States is largely covered by fossil fuels. In 2017, the U.S. generated approximately 4.02 trillion kilowatt hours of electricity. About 82% of the electricity generated was from fossil fuels and nuclear resources. Petroleum is one of the county’s main energy sources with more than 36 quadrillion British thermal units consumed in 2017. The liquid is predominantly used in the transportation sector. Despite its prominent use over the last few centuries, fossil fuels are finite resources and burning these fuels can harm the environment. Under the threat of climate change, the pollution caused by fossil fuels has put the industry under scrutiny. Burning any fossil fuels produces carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas which contributes to global warming. The volume of global energy-related carbon dioxide emissions has steadily risen over the last few decades, from 15.54 gigatons in 1975 to 33.14 gigatons in 2018. There are several alternative resources that can supply clean energy, including water, biomass, wind, geothermal and solar energy. These renewable energy sources are slowly becoming more efficient and are argued to be competitive with fossil fuels as a means to cover global energy needs. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Phoenix Suns games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 53.68 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of International Workplace Group (IWG), formerly Regus, worldwide from 2011 to 2018. In 2018, IWG generated a revenue of 3.22 billion U.S. dollars worldwide. In 2016, Regus changed its holding company to IWG but hold the Regus name as their brand. 
 The statistic shows the household penetration of digital cameras in the United States from 2013 to 2016. In 2014, 66 percent of the households in the United States owned a digital camera. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in Russia from 2014 to 2018 in relation to gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of Russia amounted to about 14.61 percent of gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Cuba from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, 2.25 percent of the total labor force in Cuba was unemployed. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Ethiopia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Ethiopia's real gross domestic product grew by around 7.71 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph shows the growth in the U.S. export volume of trade goods to the European Union (EU) from 1997 to 2019. In 2019, U.S. exports to the EU amounted to 337.02 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Bulgaria from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Bulgaria amounted to around 9,313.83 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Morocco from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 62.45 percent of Morocco's total population lived in urban areas and cities. Urbanization in Morocco Like many countries around the world, Morocco is reporting growing urbanization figures, which means that an increasing number of Moroccans are moving to the cities and urban areas. In 2005, Morocco’s population was around 55.13 percent urban, however, over the course of ten years, the urban population had increased by 5 percent to 60.2 percent as of 2015. There are three major environmental zones in Morocco, and the majority of the population lives in the region which includes the coastal plains and plateaus. The desert and mountainous regions of the country are less populated. The largest city is Casablanca, which is located on the Atlantic Coast on the Chawiya Plain. Casablanca has about 3.3 million inhabitants. The country's capital, Rabat, is also locatzed on the Atlantic Coast, but much smaller with only about 600,000 inhabitants. The population of Morocco is growing at a faster rate than most developed nations, butthe growth rate is still significantly lower than that of the rest of Africa. Currently, Morocco has a population growth rate of around 1.39 percent, and the fertility rate is at around 2.5 children per woman. In total, Morocco has around 35 million inhabitants. Life expectancy is also slightly lower than average at around 74 years of age. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Oakland Raiders games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 87.78 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays the number of opposite-gender marriages in Spain from 2006 to 2018. During the period under consideration, the highest peak took place in 2006 with a total number of approximately 203 thousand heterosexual unions. The tendency in the upcoming years was downward, and the lowest point was reached in 2013, with figures showing figures of 153 thousand opposite-gender unions. These numbers picked up in the following years and stood at approximately 163 thousand heterosexual marriages in 2018. Spain's age at first marriage is one of the highest in Europe, with a national average of 37.82 years old for men and 35.01 for women. Same-sex marriage in Spain Spain legalized same-sex marriage (matrimonio igualitario in Spanish) in 2005, thus becoming the third country in the world to allow same-sex couples to marry after the Netherlands and Belgium. The number of same-sex nuptials stood at approximately 4.6 thousand in 2018, with figures looking very similar for marriages between women and marriages between men. While marriages between women grew steadily since same-sex marriages was legalized, the trend for men behaved differently, with marriages booming in 2005 and dropping thereafter only to pick up in recent years. The number of same-sex marriages was significantly lower than that of opposite-sex couples throughout the entire period under review. Divorce numbers in Spain When love does not work out, some married couples may seek to put an end to their wedlock by getting a divorce. This was the case for nearly one hundred thousand couples in 2017, as recorded by the latest reports. The number of marriages terminated by divorce in Spain decreased over the last few years, although it maintained steadily above 95 thousand throughout. 2006 registered the highest number of divorces in Spain during this period at roughly 127 thousand divorces. In contrast, 2013 recorded the lowest point of the period considered, with approximately 95.5 thousand cases. 
 This statistic displays the number of magnetic resonance imaging (MRI) units in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2000 to 2014. In 2014 there were 467 MRI scanners in the UK, an increase from 2013. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the New Orleans Saints, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the New Orleans Saints was 441 million U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of coffee (green beans) in the United States from 2000 to 2015. The U.S. per capita consumption of coffee (green beans) amounted to about 10.2 pounds in 2015. 
 This statistic shows the number of total firearms manufactured in the United States from 1986 to 2017. In 2017, around 8.32 million firearms were manufactured in the U.S. 
 This statistic shows the revenue and net income of biotechnology company Biogen from 2007 to 2019. Biogen Inc. is a Massachusetts-based biotech company, specialized in drugs for neurological disorders, autoimmune disorders and cancer. In 2019, Biogen generated revenues worth around 14.4 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total raisin production worldwide from 2010/2011 to 2017/2018, as well as a projection for 2018/2019. In 2017/2018, a total of 1,149,402 metric tons of raisins were produced worldwide. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Sweden from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Sweden's gross domestic product had amounted to around 556.07 billion U.S. dollars. 
 Reportable sales of Jack in the Box restaurants have been on downward trajectory in recent times, declining from almost 1.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2011 to around 336.81 million U.S. dollars in 2019. This figure only includes sales of franchises owned by the franchise’s parent company, Jack in the Box Inc. Jack in the Box Jack in the Box is a quick service restaurant chain founded in 1951 in San Diego, where it is still headquartered today. As of 2019, there were just over 2,200 restaurants primarily located on the U.S. West Coast. The vast majority of these stores are franchised, with only 137 being company-owned. The number of company-owned stores has declined steadily from around 629 in 2011, accounting for the above decline in reportable sales. When franchises are included total sales have been consistent, while the company’s operating income has increased in every year except 2018 over this period. Fast food franchises in the U.S. Subway is by far the most common franchised fast food restaurant in the U.S., with almost 26,000 establishments in 2017. One likely reason for this is the lower cost of franchising a Subway restaurant compared to other major franchises. In 2018 the initial investment costs for a Subway franchise were around 342,000 U.S. dollars – much less than the 2.2 million U.S. dollars needed to establish the second most common franchise, McDonalds. 
 In 2018, Allstate generated revenues of approximately 39.82 billion U.S. dollars. Their revenues have been trending upward since 2008 when their revenues amounted to 29.39 billion U.S. dollars. Allstate: a background Allstate is headquartered in Northbrook, Illinois and is a publicly held insurance company. They offer homeowners insurance, auto insurance, life insurance as well as financial planning and investment services. The value of their earned premiums has been rising over the past decade, which matches the trend of their revenues. They were one of the largest property and casualty insurance companies in the world in terms of revenue in 2017. Allstate’s market standing Allstate is the second largest homeowner insurance company in the U.S. in terms of direct premiums written, after State Farm Mutual Automobile Insurance. They’re also one of the top private passenger auto insurers in the country and wrote direct premiums worth more than 20 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. 
 In 2018 Germany's share of total contributions to the budget of the European Union was 20.78 percent, the highest of any EU member state. Only three other member states contributed more than ten percent to the EU budget, France (15.58 percent) the United Kingdom (11.88 percent) and Italy (11.74 percent). The small island-nation of Malta contributed the least to the EU budget, at 0.08 percent. Largest economies in Europe The amount which EU member states contribute to the EU budget is heavily linked to the size of its economy. Germany, for example, has the largest economy in the whole of Europe, with Gross domestic product reaching almost 3.4 trillion Euros in 2018. Britain and France have the second and third largest economies in Europe with GDPs of 2.39 and 2.35 trillion euros respectively. UK Rebate The amount which the United Kingdom contributes to the European Union budget was a key issue during the Brexit referendum of 2016. Prior to the referendum, the “Leave” campaign famously claimed that the UK sends the EU 350 million British pounds a week, a figure which omitted the rebate which the UK receives from the EU as well as public sector receipts. As of 2018, the UK contributed approximately 8.93 billion to the EU budget and received 8.52 billion back. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Japan from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the gross domestic product of Japan amounted to around 4.97 trillion U.S. dollars. This makes Japan third in the world GDP ranking. For comparison, the GDP of China had amounted to 8.39 trillion U.S. dollars in 2012, marking the second-largest economy in the world. Gross domestic product of Japan Japan has one of the highest gross domestic products (GDP) per capita, one of the lowest inflation rates, and ranks among the top three countries in terms of the largest overall GDP. This economic powerhouse has managed to maintain control of its inflation rate, keeping it below three percent since at least 2004. Despite the worldwide recession in 2008 and 2009 and a dip in the growth rate of the GDP, Japan managed to maintain positive growth in the GDP itself. Japan is disadvantaged, however, when it comes to natural resources. A large amount of the landmass of Japan is human-occupied, leaving little in terms of husbandry or agriculture. It has become a highly urbanized country and employs very little of its workforce in agriculture, choosing instead to focus on its services sector. The population of Japan is aging, providing a rocky economic forecast for years ahead. As the baby boomer generation starts to retire, they will leave more job openings than there will be workers to fill them. The government will have to work to provide retirement pensions for a growing amount of people, although if current trends persevere, there will be fewer people left paying taxes to fund the pensions. 
 The statistic displays the production of cement in Malaysia from 2013 to 2019, in million metric tons. In 2019, approximately 16.1 million metric tons of cement were produced in Malaysia. 
 The statistic shows the budget balance in Greece from 2014 to 2018, with projections until 2024. A positive value indicates a state surplus; a negative value, a budget deficit. In 2018, the budget surplus of Greece was around 1.77 billion euros. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Ohio from 2000 to 2018. For instance, 13.9 percent of Ohio's population lived below the poverty line in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Sweden from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of Sweden amounted to approximately 10.23 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the number of social network users in Brazil from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, there were 95.2 million social network users in Brazil, up from 90.3 million users in 2017. 
 As one of the biggest sports leagues in America with TV viewers reaching into the millions, Major League Baseball can afford to pay its players handsomely. The average salary for a player in the MLB stood at 4.36 million U.S. dollars in 2019. While this represented a small drop on the figure from 2018, it still marks an almost twofold increase on the average salary in 2003. Highs and lows of MLB salaries While the stars of every MLB team take home millions every year, there is still a minimum player salary in place to ensure that all players are compensated for their efforts. The 2019 MLB minimum player salary was set at 555 thousand U.S. dollars, a significant increase on the minimum of 300 thousand U.S. dollars in 2003. The annual player salaries also vary widely from team to team – while players of the Oakland Athletics take home an average of 2.09 million U.S. dollars yearly, players for the San Francisco Giants pocket an average of 7.38 million U.S. dollars. The winners of the 2018 World Series, the Boston Red Sox, rewarded their players with an average annual salary of 6.45 million U.S. dollars. The league’s top earnersThe highest earner in the MLB in 2019 was the starting pitcher for the Arizona Diamondbacks, Stephen Strasburg. The 30-year-old three-time All-Star took home an annual salary of 38.33 million U.S. dollars in the 2019 season. Due to their prominent role on the team, it is unsurprising that the second highest earning player in the MLB is also a pitcher. Washington Nationals’ Max Scherzer earned a salary of 37.41 million U.S. dollars during the 2019 season. The highest non-pitcher on the list was Miguel Cabrera in sixth spot. The Venezuelan first baseman for the Detroit Tigers took home a salary of 30 million U.S. dollars in 2019. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Minnesota Vikings, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Minnesota Vikings was 427 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents a sales forecast for eye care product Restasis in the United States between 2014 and 2025. It is expected that Restasis will generate around 2.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2023. 
 The statistic depicts the gate receipts of the Dallas Cowboys, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2010 to 2018. In the 2018 season, the gate receipts of the Dallas Cowboys were at 108 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Detroit Lions, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Detroit Lions was 385 million U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Minnesota Twins games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 32.68 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic illustrates the per capita consumption of paper and board in the United States from 2003 to 2016. In 2015, the per capita consumption of paper and board in the United States amounted to 481 pounds. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. sales growth of premium wineries from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, sales from premium wineries in the United States grew by 7.2 percent compared to the previous year. Wine industryWine is classified as alcoholic beverage which goes well with a large variety of occasions: some often choose to serve this classy drink as an aperitif, others see wine as a perfect accompaniment to a multi-course meal, and others again prefer drinking wine while spending time with friends or family. Wine is made from fermented grapes or other fruits. Due to the conditions needed by the fruit that make it, wine requires special climate conditions: wine cultivating areas have to meet requirements and provide a moderate climate, the right amount of sunshine hours and fertile soils. Traditionally, the cultivation of Champagne, an exclusive sparkling wine, is limited to the Champagne region of France. However, some countries use the term also for general sparkling wines not originating from that region. The latest wine production figures listed Italy, France and Spain as the leading wine producing countries worldwide. The United States was ranked fourth, where wine production is primarily concentrated in California. 
 This table ranks the 50 states of the United States and the District of Columbia by their unemployment rate in 2018. In 2018, Alaska had the highest unemployment rate in the United States with 6.6 percent. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Carolina Hurricanes from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Carolina Hurricanes amounted to 128 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for San Antonio Spurs games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 45.88 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts the average annual household expenditure per consumer unit in the United States from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, the average annual expenditures of American households amounted to about 61,224 U.S. dollars per year. 
 This timeline depicts the number of employees in the U.S. apparel manufacturing industry from 1990 to 2019. In 2019, there were an average of around 110,370 employees that were part of the apparel manufacturing industry in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the total number of passengers uplifted by EasyJet Airline Company Ltd between 2008 and 2018. EasyJet is the UK's biggest airline in terms of number of passengers and is based at Luton airport. In 2017 easyJet UK Ltd joined the easyJet Airline Company Ltd Group. EasyJet's passenger numbers have been steadily increasing and over this period grew from 37.6 million passengers uplifted in 2008 to 78.4 million passengers in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in the Philippines from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the amount of Facebook users in the Philippines was expected to reach 49.9 million, up from 41.2 million in 2016. Further information With more than 2 billion monthly active users, Facebook is the most popular social network worldwide. Popular activities on the social network include watching videos, liking content via button, reading articles and messaging friends on 1-1 basis. In July 2016, Facebook Messenger surpassed one billion monthly active users, placing it directly next to Facebook-owned competitor WhatsApp. Facebook successfully managed the transition from social network to mobile social platform, nearing one billion monthly active users and with mobile accounting for 77 percent of the social network’s total advertising revenue in 2015. Mobile is also the keyword regarding the online market in the Philippines; in 2014, 41.28 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2021, this figure is projected to amount to 66.64 million mobile phone internet users. As of July 2016, the internet penetration among the population in the Philippines was 43.5 percent. A total of 47 million users access social media via mobile on a monthly basis, making the country the second-largest Facebook market in the Southeast Asian region. The average internet connection speed in the Philippines is 3.5 Mbps, less than an eighth of market leader’s, South Korea’s, average speed of 29 Mbps. The Philippines also ranked second in terms of internet freedom in Asia according to the Freedom House Index in 2015. 
 This timeline shows the total revenue of the LVMH Group worldwide from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the total revenue of the LVMH Group worldwide was about 53.67 billion euros. The LVMH Group is a French luxury goods corporation, which owns around 50 luxury brands worldwide, including Louis Vuitton and Bulgari. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh mushrooms in the United States from 2009 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh mushrooms amounted to approximately 3.95 pounds in 2018. White mushrooms made up to 61.2 percent of U.S. mushroom sales in 2015. 
 This statistic illustrates the apparent silver consumption in the United States from 2009 to 2019. In 2011, some 8,310 metric tons of silver were consumed in the United States. This figure decreased to less than 6,500 metric tons in 2019. 
 This time series displays the number of Denso employees worldwide from the fiscal year of 2008 to the fiscal year of 2019. In the fiscal year of 2019, the Denso Corporation employed around 172,000 people. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Vietnam from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Vietnam was at about 16.5 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 The statistic shows the share of global spam as percentage of total e-mail traffic from 2007 to 2018. In the most recently reported period, spam messages accounted for 45.3 percent of e-mail traffic worldwide, down from 59.8 percent in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the number of Thanksgiving holiday travelers in the United States from 2005 to 2019. According to the source, the number of people traveling over the Thanksgiving holiday period is forecast to amount to 55.3 million in 2019. 
 This graph shows the poverty rate in West Virginia from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 17.8 percent of West Virginia's population lived below the poverty line. 
 The statistics shows the revenue for Madison Square Garden Company from 2012 to 2019. In 2019, Madison Square Garden Company generated a total amount of 1.63 billion U.S. dollars in annual revenue. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Haiti from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Haiti was 13.48 percent. 
 Germany is among the leading destinations for skiing in Europe. In 2019, it offered 498 ski areas for ski enthusiasts. It was also the European country with the highest number of skiing participants, with 14.6 million Germans taking part in the sport. When considering the total population, the share of people who ski in European countries was the highest in Liechtenstein and Austria as of 2019, with 36 percent of the population in either country, which comes to a much higher number in Austria due to population size. The UK: A tradition of snowsport Established in 1903 and with over 28,000 members on the books, The Ski Club is the largest and oldest snowsports membership organisation in the UK. The turnover of the organization has grown in the past several years, reaching nearly six million British pounds in 2018. In the same year, it registered gross profit of approximately 1.1 million British pounds. Off piste Freshtracks holidays were most popular among skiers. In 2018, a total of 1,365 skiers chose off piste Freshtrack holidays from Ski Club Great Britain. Weekend ski holidays were chosen by 267 skiers members of the organization. Out of all the different skiing activities, snowboarding is also done by 21 percent of skiers in the United Kingdom (UK). 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Tunisia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Tunisia was at 34.81 percent. 
 The statistic shows the net amount of electricity generated by independent power producers in the U.S. between 2005 and 2018. In 2018, independent power producers generated some 1.68 billion megawatt hours of electricity. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of the total population living in urban areas in Uganda from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, 23.77 percent of the total population of Uganda was living in cities and urban areas. 
 The statistic illustrates the number of freshwater fish owned by households in the United States from 2000 to 2017/2018. In 2017/2018, about 139.3 million freshwater fish were owned by American households. Thus, freshwater fish made up the most popular pet category in the United States, based on the total number. 
 This statistic shows the total assets of ExxonMobil from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, ExxonMobil's total assets amounted to approximately 346 billion U.S. dollars. ExxonMobil is a United States-based multinational oil and gas corporation headquartered in Irving, Texas. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Papua New Guinea from 1984 to 2015, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the estimated average inflation rate in Papua New Guinea amounted to about 5.17 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic displays the total production of grain in the United States from 2001 to 2016. In 2014, total grain production came to 442.4 million metric tons. 
 The statistic shows the number of Red Lobster restaurants in the United States and Canada from 2000 to 2013. In 2013, there were 705 Red Lobster restaurants in North America. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Kansas City Chiefs from the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to 2.3 billion U.S. dollars. The Kansas City Chiefs are owned by the Lamar Hunt family, who bought the franchise in 1960. 
 This statistic illustrates the average living space of public rental housing tenants in Hong Kong in selected years from 2007 to 2019. As of March 2019, the average living space in public rental housing in Hong Kong was around 13.3 square meters per person. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Malaysia from 2007 to 2017. The fertility rate is the average number of children born by one woman while being of child-bearing age. In 2017, the fertility rate in Malaysia amounted to 2.02 children per woman. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Washington Nationals from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 336 million U.S. dollars.The Washington Nationals are owned by Ted Lerner who bought the franchise for 450 million U.S. dollars in 2006. 
 This timeline presents the vineyard surface area worldwide from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, the global vineyard surface area amounted to about 7.6 million hectares. 
 The graph shows the revenue generated through NCAA college basketball tournament ticket sales from 2000 to 2013. In 2010, revenue from ticket sales was 62.31 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy of women at birth in India from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, the average life expectancy of women at birth in India was about 70.43 years. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Zambia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Zambia was at approximately 7.15 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Tennessee Titans games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 86.33 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Cincinnati Reds from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Cincinnati Reds was 22,329. • Cincinnati Reds total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the high school graduation rate of Hispanic (Latino) students in the United States of the class of 2017. Data is distinguished by state. In 2017, West Virginia had the highest graduation rate for Hispanic students in the U.S. at 92 percent. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 30.58 percent of Myanmar's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Syria from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Syria was at approximately 8.18 percent. 
 The statistic shows the number of terrorist attacks in Afghanistan from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, a total number of 1,294 terrorist attacks were registered in Afghanistan. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Kuwait from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Kuwait was at approximately 2.17 percent. 
 As of February 2019, Ontario was the Canadian province home to the most Dollar Tree stores in the whole of Canada, with 110. British Columbia and Alberta ranked in second and third places, with 49 and 37 stores respectively. At that time, there were Dollar Tree stores located in five of Canada’s ten provinces. Dollar Tree origins The discount retailer, originally known as Only $1.00, is an American chain with stores throughout both the U.S. and Canada. The retailer originated in 1953, when K.R. Perry opened a variety store in Virginia. After various name changes and expansions, the chain became known as Dollar Tree Stores in 1993. Today, the chain sells a wide range of products for $1 or less, including health and beauty items, food, cleaning supplies, toys, gifts, and many more. As of February 2019, there were over 15,000 Dollar Tree stores in operation throughout North America. Discount stores in Canada According to market share figures, Dollarama is Dollar Tree’s largest competitor within Canada. As of July 2018, there were 1,160 Dollarama stores throughout Canada, making it the discount chain with the most stores across the country. Dollar Tree ranked in fifth place with 224 stores. Walmart superstores and Winners ranked in second and third places, with 334 and 269 stores in Canada respectively at that time. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Brazil from 2014 to 2018, with a forecast through 2024. In 2019, the total population of Brazil was estimated at almost 210 million inhabitants. Population of Brazil Brazil has a surprisingly low (and decreasing) population growth rate; despite it being home to the largest number of Catholics in the world, the majority of women in Brazil use some form of contraception, which is often government-subsidized or free, even though the Catholic Church retains its stance that the use of contraceptives is inherently wrong. Within the space of just one generation, families have gone from having more than six children to having just one or two, and the share of Catholics in the population is dwindling, too. The influence of 'telenovelas' — the overwhelmingly popular soap operas often with strong women figures and fewer than three children — could also be helping shape the population’s view of what an ideal family is. The fertility rate in Brazil fell below the replacement rate in 2006 and is still decreasing. The impending population imbalance in Brazil can be seen in the decreasing lower tier of the country’s age distribution. This follows a trend similar to the one Japan and many European countries are experiencing, which are now facing the problems of providing for an aging population with fewer young and working taxpayers. The trend is not quite as extreme in Brazil, giving it time to prepare for the fallout of decreasing family size. This preparation will be important to help the country maintain its emerging economic strength, which is watched with interest by many economists who have said that Brazil’s is one to watch — thus its position as one of the pillars of the “big four” BRIC countries. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the San Diego Padres from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 277 million U.S. dollars.The San Diego Padres are owned by Ron Fowler and Peter Seidler, who bought the franchise for 600 million U.S. dollars in 2012. 
 In 2019, the harmonized inflation rate in the Netherlands was 2.7 percent. This was the highest level of inflation reached since 2012, when the inflation was at 2.8 percent. Of the three Benelux countries, the Netherlands saw the lowest inflation. In 2018, the harmonized inflation rate was 2.3 percent in Belgium. Inflation in Luxembourg was only slightly lower. HCIP forecast In the next three years, the harmonized inflation rate in the Netherlands was forecast to be between 1.4 and 2.6 percent annually. According to the European Commission forecast, the inflation rate would peak in 2019, before slightly decreasing again the next years. Inflation in the Caribbean In the Caribbean part of the Kingdom of the Netherlands, inflation was considerably lower than on the European mainland. Although the inflation rate in Curaçao was 2.6 percent in 2018, in 2015 and 2016 inflation had been -0.5 and 0 percent respectively. In Sint Maarten, the inflation rate reached 0.1 percent in 2016. Finally, Aruba had negative inflation for two consecutive years in a row before increasing to 3.6 percent in 2018. 
 This statistic presents the global number of cyber security incidents from 2009 to 2015. In 2014, companies detected and reported 42.8 million IT security breaches. This number increased by 38 percent in the following year. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Myanmar's real gross domestic product grew by around 6.83 percent compared to the previous year. 
 From January to July of 2019, 54 murders were reportedly committed in Trinidad and Tobago's capital, Port of Spain. The number of homicides registered in this city remained relatively constant between 2016 and 2018, having decreased compared to the higher levels reported in 2014 and 2015. Still, the latest figures are not promising: the number of murders in the first half of 2019 already represents 82 percent of the number of people killed in 2018. 
 The Eurovision song contest first began in 1956 with seven countries contesting. Since its beginning, a total of 52 countries have participated in the hopes of becoming a champion. Of all the countries that have sung their lungs out for the coveted prize, Ireland have won the competition more than any. As of 2019, Ireland has taken the crown a total of seven times. Across Europe, millions of individuals tune in to watch the contest. What makes a winner? Between 1956 and 2019, solo artists have won the competition a total of 18 times. The most successful number of artists to have on stage is six. With over double the number of wins, the most successful language for singers to use is English, and if you think the Eurovision is only based on a singer's ability then you may well be wrong. It turns out wearing white has brought more victories than any other color. Eurovision participation As of 2019, a total of six European countries have participated more than sixty times in the Eurovision song contest. There does appear to be a waning in the popularity of the contest as even Germany, which traditionally has the highest viewer rates in Europe has seen an overall decline in the number of people tuning in. 
 This statistic presents the share of global internet users who are concerned about governments censoring the internet as of November 2014, sorted by region. During the survey period it was found that 54 percent of internet users in Europe felt concerned about their governments censoring the internet. Overall, 64 percent of global internet users agreed with the statement. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population of the USA in 2018, by state of residence. The state with the highest median age of its population was Maine at 45.1 years. Utah had the lowest median age (31 years). View the distribution of the U.S. population by ethnicity here. Additional information on the aging population in the United States High birth rates during the so-called baby boom years that followed World War II followed by lower fertility and morality rates have left the United States with a serious challenge in the 21st Century. However, the issue of an aging population is certainly not an issue unique to the United States. The projected development of the global population aged 65 and over between 2010 and 2050 demonstrates that Europe in particular faces a major issue. Within the United States, the uneven distribution of populations aged 65 years and over among states offers both major challenges and potential solutions. On the one hand, federal action over the issue may be contentious as other states are set to harbor the costs of elderly care in states such as California and Florida. That said, domestic migration from comparably younger states may help to fill gaps in the workforce left by retirees in others. Nonetheless, aging population issues are set to gain further prominence in the political and economic decisions made by policymakers regardless of the eventual distribution of America’s elderly. Analysis of the financial concerns of Americans by age shows many young people still decades from retirement hold strong concern over their eventual financial position. 
 The statistic presents the net revenue of Goldman Sachs from 2009 to 2018. The net revenue of Goldman Sachs amounted to approximately 35.94 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic represents the annual pre-tax profit of the British automotive company Jaguar Land Rover from financial year 2011 to financial year 2019 in million British pounds. Between 2011 and 2018, the company made a pre-tax profit higher than one billion British pounds in every year. However, the most recent financial year suggested a more difficult business climate, as the company recorded its first pre-tax loss in this period of consideration, at 3.6 billion British pounds. 
 This statistic shows the number of accepted first instance asylum applications in some of the European countries in 2018, broken down by country. In 2018, Germany accepted the largest number of asylum seekers with 75,940. Sweden and Belgium accepted the second and third most respectively, with roughly 10.6 and 9.7 thousand applicants, respectively. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Tampa Bay Rays franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of one billion U.S. dollars. The Tampa Bay Rays are owned by Stuart Sternberg, who bought the franchise for 200 million U.S. dollars in 2004. 
 This statistic illustrates the total motor insurance claims incurred and paid out in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2007 to 2018. These figures include both domestic and commercial Net claims incurred, with a much larger share of claims displayed attributable to domestic motor insurance in each year under observation. It can be seen that in 2018, there was a total of over seven billion British pounds incurred, an overall decrease of approximately 1.2 Billion British pounds in claims in comparison to 2007. The largest number of claims was recorded in 2010, with more than 10.4 billion British pounds in motor insurance claims incurred. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Finland from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Finland was at approximately 7.25 percent. 
 The graph presents the gender gap index in Colombia from 2016 to 2018. In all three years, Colombia scored 0.73, which shows a gender gap of approximately 27 percent (women are 27 percent less likely than men to have equal opportunities). In 2018, the gender gap in the area of political empowerment in Colombia amounted to 80 percent. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Brazil from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Brazil was at about 12.8 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in the Czech Republic from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the Czech Republic's real gross domestic product increased by around 2.96 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Norway from 2008 to 2018. The fertility rate has declined in this time period from 1.98 children per woman in 2010 to 1.56 in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the population growth in the United States from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the population in the USA grew by about 0.62 percent compared to the previous year. The United States is one of the largest countries in the world in terms of area size. 
 The statistic shows the number of fatalities due to tornadoes in the United States from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, there were a total of 10 fatalities reported due to tornadoes in the United States. 
 The forecast illustrates the global mobile internet device market size between 2010 and 2020. It is expected that around 10 billion mobile internet devices will be in use by 2020. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Indianapolis Colts games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 93.62 U.S. dollars. 
 YouTube is the most active social network among internet users in the United Kingdom (UK), with 78 percent of people reporting use of the service. Facebook was very close behind, with a rate of 73 percent. YouTube’s broad audience in the United Kingdom YouTube reaches a broad audience in the UK, making it an attractive partner for advertisers of almost any product. More than 75 percent of individuals of every income bracket watch YouTube, with the likelihood of watching increasing with the pay-grade. Whether advertising basic items or luxury products, marketers should be able to connect with UK audiences through YouTube. 33 percent of respondents to a survey conducted by We Are Flint report watching videos on YouTube once a day or more. Facebook in the United Kingdom Facebook enjoys a healthy market position in the UK, holding an estimated 63.88 percent share of the market. The service attracted 36.34 million UK users during April 2019, and Facebook UK Limited generated 1.27 billion British pounds in revenue during 2017. The UK division of the company posted an operating profit of 62.1 million British pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the results of a survey on the most popular Disney princesses in Great Britain as of May 2018. The survey found that Snow White was Britain's most loved Disney princess with one out of ten British adults choosing her as their favorite. Belle and Ariel were second and third most popular at six and seven percent. 
 This graph shows the poverty rate in Tennessee from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 15.3 percent of Tennessee's population lived below the poverty line. 
 The statistic depicts the total population of Mexico from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Mexico's total population amounted to about 124.74 million people. Total population of Mexico The total population of Mexico was expected to reach 116.02 million people by the end of 2013. Despite being the source of one of the largest migration flows in the world, Mexico has managed to maintain around a 1.25 percent population growth rate for the last several years, roughly the same growth rate as India. Among the largest cities in Mexico, Mexico City is leading with more than 8.5 million inhabitants. A slowly declining fertility rate still holds above the replacement rate, and life expectancy is growing, expanding the population from both ends of the age spectrum. With the rising life expectancy, the median age of Mexican residents has also increased, and an increasing stream of immigrants from the financially-troubled Spain has also boosted population numbers. The majority of the Mexican population is Roman Catholic, owing to its colonial Spanish background. Spanish is the predominant language, with several regional and local dialects spoken, but a number of indigenous languages, such as Nahuatl, survive and are also spoken around Mexico. One worrying and relatively recent trend in Mexico is the growing share of the population becoming overweight or obese. It is not entirely clear what sort of effect the obesity epidemic is going to have on Mexican population numbers in the long run, but is starting to manifest itself not just in physical appearance, but in the increased rates of heart disease, hypertension, and diabetes. In fact, diabetes was one of the top causes of deaths for Mexicans in recent years. 
 The results of an annual survey by Sport England, the sports governing body of England, show the number of people who play cricket at least twice a month at any intensity for any duration in England between 2016 and 2019. The survey was conducted online and the latest update on it was conducted for the time period between May 2018 to May 2019 with a total of 177,876 respondents. The data collected resulted with the conclusion that as of May 2019 approximately 292 thousand adults in England play cricket on a monthly basis. In 2016 there were approximately 364 thousand cricket players participating on a monthly basis in England. Cricket Board The head organization for cricket in England is the England and Wales Cricket Board (ECB). The ECB employed 342 people and generated a turnover of approximately 172.3 million British pounds during financial year 2018/19. Cricket participation is on the decline in England, not only among adults but also with children. Cricket World Cup England played a total of 83 matches at Rugby World Cup, which is held every four years since 1975. Only three other teams have played more matches at the Rugby World Cup, India, New Zealand and Australia. England currently holds the title as being the previous champion at the Cricket World Cup 2015 held in Australia and New Zealand. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Washington Redskins of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to around 3.4 billion U.S. dollars. The Washington Redskins are owned by Daniel Snyder who bought the franchise for 750 million U.S. dollars in 1999. 
 This statistic shows the development of Hawaii's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the GDP of Hawaii was about 80.8 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total cotton yield per harvested acre in the U.S. from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, the total cotton yield per harvested acre amounted to approximately 817 pounds. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Kansas City Royals franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of one billion U.S. dollars. The Kansas City Royals are owned by David Glass, who bought the franchise for 96 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Portugal from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Portugal was at approximately 6.13 percent. 
 In 2019 the United Kingdom spent approximately 38 billion British pounds on defense, an increase of almost 2 billion pounds when compared with 2017/18. Although defense spending increased between 2005/06 and 2009/10, funding was cut by around 6 billion pounds between 2010 and 2013. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price of Boston Bruins games within the National Hockey League from 2005/06 to 2014/15. In the 2005/06 season, the average ticket price was 56.44 U.S. dollars. The Boston Bruins play their home games at the TD Garden. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy of men at birth in India from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, the average life expectancy of men at birth in India was about 68 years. 
 The statistic shows the life expectancy at birth in the United States from 2007 to 2017. In 2017, the average life expectancy at birth among the United States population was about 78.54 years. 
 The statistic above presents estimates of the annual aggregate revenue of the U.S. software publishing industry from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, U.S. software publishers generated an estimated total revenue of 257.94 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays a forecast of the rubber and plastics end-use market output in the United States from 2020 to 2024. From 2022 to 2023, the rubber and plastics end-use market output is expected to increase by 2.6 percent. Appreciation of the U.S. dollar is likely to reduce costs and increase production in the chemical industry. The capacity of the chemical industry is also continuing to increase and will likely contribute to innovation and more efficient production. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Kuwait from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Kuwait's real gross domestic product fell by around 3.48 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Cincinnati Bengals games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 77.41 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in Canada from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, Canada had 35 million internet users. This figure is projected to grow to 38.1 million internet users in 2023. 
 This statistic shows the total number of highway vehicle fires reported in the United States from 1980 to 2018. Around 456,000 highway vehicle fires were reported in 1980. In 2018, there were around 181,500 highway vehicle fires reported. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in India from 1984 to 2024. In 2018, the estimated gross domestic product per capita in India amounted to about 2,037.69 U.S. dollars. See figures on India's economic growth here. For comparison, per capita GDP in China had reached about 6,995.25 U.S. dollars in 2013. India's economic progress India’s progress as a country over the past decade can be attributed to a global dependency on cheaper production of goods and services from developed countries around the world. India’s economy is built upon its agriculture, manufacturing and services sector, which, along with its drastic rise in population and demand for employment, led to a significant increase of the nation’s GDP per capita. Despite experiencing rather momentous economic gains since the mid 2000s, the Indian economy stagnated around 2012, with a decrease in general growth as well as the value of its currency. Residents and consumers in India have recently shown pessimism regarding the future of the Indian economy as well as their own financial situation, and with the recent economic standstill, consumer confidence in the country could potentially lower in the near future. Typical Indian exports consist of agricultural products, jewelry, chemicals and ores. Imports consist primarily of crude oil, gold and precious stones, used primarily in the manufacturing of jewelry. As a result, India has seen a rather highly increased demand of several gems in order to boost their jewelry industry and in general their exports. Although India does not export an extensive amount of goods, especially when considering the stature of the country, India has remained as one of the world’s largest exporters. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Cameroon from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Cameroon was 3.34 percent. 
 The statistic represents the maternal mortality ratio in Malaysia from 2011 to 2018. In 2018, the maternal mortality ratio in Malaysia was approximately 23.5 maternal deaths per one hundred thousand live births. 
 The statistic depicts the brand value of HSBC from 2010 to 2015, according to the Brand Finance valuation methodology. The ranking, provided by The Banker Magazine, is an independent, publicly reported measure of the strength of a brand and its impact across all business lines and customer groups. In 2015, the brand value of HSBC was valued at 27.3 billion U.S. dollars and the bank was ranked third in its peer group. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Norwegian women's national football team from 2003 to 2019. From 2003 to 2006, the position remained the same (3) and was also the highest rank the team ever reached. Rank 14 was the lowest result of Norway's women's national team, which was reached in 2017. As of 2019, the team ranked twelfth. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Pennsylvania from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 12.2 percent of Pennsylvania's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the forecast installed power generation capacity of coal worldwide between 2005 and 2018, with projections until 2050. It is estimated that the power generation capacity from coal will be around 2,201 gigawatts by 2050. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Romania from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 54 percent of Romania's total population lived in urban areas and cities. The shrinking population of Romania About half of Romania's population lives in urban areas, with the largest city and capital Bucharest only having about 1.9 million inhabitants - not very much considering that Romania reported a population of about 20 million people in 2015. Bucharest is also significantly larger than any of the other small cities around the country, which only have close to or less than 300,000 inhabitants each. The fact that Romania has not urbanized to the same level of most developed countries is an indicator that the country is still developing. As Romania progresses, it has an important advantage over other developing nations: It is a member of the European Union, and thus has access to the European market. However, unlike other developing countries, the Romanian population is decreasing and expected to shrink by more than half a million by 2020. This is caused by a low fertility rate, which is less than the replacement rate, by emigration and by an aging population. The median age of the Romanian population is expected to increase to as high as 44 years in 2020. A contributing factor to this may be the fact that while the older generation stays in Romania, the younger people migrate to other countries within the European Union which have stronger economies and more employment opportunities than Romania. 
 In 2019, Washington, D.C. had the highest population density in the United States, with 11,570 people per square mile. As a whole, there were 93 residents per square mile in the U.S., and Alaska was the state with the lowest population density, with 1.3 residents per square mile. The problem of population density Simply put, population density is the population of a country divided by the area of the country. While this can be an interesting measure of how many people live in a country and how large the country is, it does not account for the degree of urbanization, or the share of people who live in urban centers. For example, Russia is the largest country in the world and has a comparatively low population, so its population density is very low. However, much of the country is uninhabited, so cities in Russia are much more densely populated than the rest of the country. Urbanization in the United States While the United States is not very densely populated compared to other countries, its population density has increased significantly over the past few decades. The degree of urbanization has also increased, and well over half of the population lives in urban centers. 
 This statistic shows the per capita alcohol consumption in Malaysia in 2005, 2010, 2015 and 2016. In 2016, per capita alcohol consumption in Malaysia amounted to approximately 0.9 liters per annum. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to Grand Teton National Park in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to Grand Teton National Park amounted to approximately 3.41 million in 2019. 
 The graph shows the Hispanic population in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 59.87 million people of Hispanic origin were living in the United States. 
 This statistic projects the market for lithium-ion batteries used in power tools between 2012 and 2020. It is estimated that this market will exceed one billion U.S. dollars by 2015. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Croatia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Croatia was at approximately 7.77 percent. Today, Croatia has one of the highest unemployment rates in all EU states. 
 This statistic represents the global number of Bosch employees between the fiscal year of 2006 and the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, the Germany-based multinational engineering and electronics company employed some 407,000 people. 
 This statistic presents the estimated number of concerts and festivals promoted by Live Nation Entertainment worldwide from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the U.S. live event specialist organized 34,996 events across the globe. Live Nation's concert revenue reached 8.77 billion U.S. dollars for the first time in 2018, marking a significant increase from the 3.51 billion U.S. dollars of revenue generated in 2011. The company's ticketing revenue has seen a similar increase and reached about 1.53 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The live events company, based in California, recorded a total revenue of around 10.79 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, an increase of over one billion dollars compared to 2017. 
 This statistic shows the total area of irrigated land on farms in the United States from 1969 to 2007. In 2007, there were around 56.6 million acres of irrigated land in total. 
 YouTube is the most active social network among internet users in the United Kingdom (UK), with 78 percent of people reporting use of the service. Facebook was very close behind, with a rate of 73 percent. YouTube’s broad audience in the United Kingdom YouTube reaches a broad audience in the UK, making it an attractive partner for advertisers of almost any product. More than 75 percent of individuals of every income bracket watch YouTube, with the likelihood of watching increasing with the pay-grade. Whether advertising basic items or luxury products, marketers should be able to connect with UK audiences through YouTube. 33 percent of respondents to a survey conducted by We Are Flint report watching videos on YouTube once a day or more. Facebook in the United Kingdom Facebook enjoys a healthy market position in the UK, holding an estimated 63.88 percent share of the market. The service attracted 36.34 million UK users during April 2019, and Facebook UK Limited generated 1.27 billion British pounds in revenue during 2017. The UK division of the company posted an operating profit of 62.1 million British pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Chile from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Chilean population was 33.8 years. 
 The statistic presents the number of new FDIC-insured commercial bank charters in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, there were seven new FDIC-insured commercial bank charters in the United States. 
 This statistic reveals the expenditure of pharmaceutical company Eli Lilly and Company on research and development from 2007 to 2019. Eli Lilly is one of the top global pharmaceutical companies and the world's largest manufacturer and distributor of psychiatric medications. In 2019, spending on research and development came to around 5.6 billion U.S. dollars. Eli Lilly and Company is an international pharmaceutical company, headquartered in Indianapolis, Indiana. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the resident population of Canada from 2000 to 2019. The median age of the Canadian population was 40.8 years in 2019. 
 The Netherlands had the highest prevalence of ecstasy use among adults in Europe as of 2018, with approximately 3.3 percent of the population reported to using ecstasy. This was followed by Ireland with 2.1 percent of the population and then the United Kingdom at 1.7 percent. Only 0.1 percent of respondents in Romania, Portugal, Turkey and Cyprus reported using ecstasy in this period. Demographics of users in the Netherlands Among the younger age groups is where both frequent and infrequent users of ecstasy is found in the Netherland. Almost 23 percent of those aged between 20 and 24 years having tried ecstasy at some point in their lives, as of a 2017 survey. While almost five percent in the same age group stated they had taken ecstasy in the past month Use of other drugs in the EU Cannabis is by far the most used drug across the population of the European Union, with over a quarter using at some point during in lifetime. This is followed by cocaine which reportedly five percent have used in their life and then amphetamines with 3.6 percent of individuals having used. Additionally, cannabis was the most seized drug in Europe in 2016, with 69 percent of all seizures being a form of cannabis. 
 The graph shows the average age of master's degree graduates in Canada from 2000 to 2010. In 2010, the average age of students at the time of master's degree graduation in Canada was 32 years. 
 This statistic displays the proportion of cars with a voice recognition system installed in 2012 and 2019. The share of voice recognition system equipped cars increased from 37 percent in 2012 to 55 percent in 2019. 
 The median hourly earnings for full-time employees increased by 3.77 pounds between 2006 and 2019, reaching 14.8 pounds in that year. This has occurred due to small incremental increases in every year, with the largest such rise occurring between 2007 and 2008 at 0.52 British pounds. Minimum and living wage in the UK In the United Kingdom, employers are expected to pay their employees a minimum wage that is determined by how old they are. Under 18s for example, had a minimum wage of 4.35 British pounds in 2019, (280506), with the figure increasing to 6.15 pounds for 18 to 20 year olds and 7.70 pounds for 21 to 24 year olds. Employees over the age of 24 earn the National Living Wage, which was 8.21 pounds as of April 2019. Luxembourgers highest earners in Europe Luxembourg had the highest average annual wage in the European in 2017 at almost 72 thousand U.S dollars. This was followed by Denmark at 65 thousand, Ireland at 53 thousand and the Netherlands at 52 thousand U.S dollars. The United Kingdom’s average annual wage amounted to around 45 thousand U.S dollars in the same year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Croatia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Croatia amounted to around 14,870.42 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic depicts avocado production worldwide from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, global avocado production amounted to about 6.41 million metric tons. 
 This statistic shows the economic damage caused by floods and flash floods in the United States from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, floods caused approximately 1.6 billion U.S. dollars worth of property and crop damage across the United States. 
 This statistic shows the net sales of the U.S. toy manufacturer Mattel from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, Mattel's net sales were around 4.5 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the change in the U.S. hotel industry market value from 2006 to 2015, with forecasted figures to 2018. In 2015, the value of the hotel industry in the U.S. increased by 7.2 percent over the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in Greece from 2014 to 2024, in relation to gross domestic product (GDP). In 2018, the national debt of Greece amounted to about 184.85 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 This statistic depicts average prom expenditure in the United States from 2011 to 2015. In 2013, U.S. consumers spent, on average, 1,139 U.S. dollars on their prom. 
 Idaho had one of the largest per capita uses of the public water supply in the United States, totaling 184 gallons per day, followed by Utah with 169 gallons and Wyoming at 156 gallons. The public supply of water refers to water that is withdrawn by both public and private suppliers and is delivered to domestic, commercial, thermoelectric, irrigation, and industrial users. Overall, the most populous states tend to be the largest consumers of water. Sources of public supply water can include desalinated seawater and treated brackish groundwater. California and Texas withdrew 5.15 billion gallons and 2.89 billion gallons per day, respectively, for public supply in 2015. Almost 90 percent of the U.S. population relies on public water supplies. U.S. Water Consumption Water withdrawal in the United States has increased over the last decades, reaching 322 billion gallons per day in 2015. The U.S. is one of the largest per capita consumers water in the world, in addition to being one of the largest absolute consumers of water. The average U.S. family uses some 400 gallons of water per day. However, a large share of water is lost or wasted through leaky pipes or just evaporation and over-watering landscapes. Minor changes such as fixing a leaky faucet, using a dishwasher, upgrading to a water-efficient toilet, or taking showers instead of baths can help save conserve water. 
 This statistic shows the orange juice production in the United States from 2008/09 to 2018/19 and provides a forecast for 2019/20. The U.S. production of orange juice was estimated to increase to around 330,000 metric tons at 65 degrees brix in 2019/20. 
 The statistic shows the number of existing homes sold in the United States from 2005 to 2019, and a forecast thereof for 2020 and 2021. In 2019, around 5.34 million of existing homes were sold in the United States. Existing home sales in the United States The steady rise in sales after the sharp drop in 2008 is indicative of the general consensus that the housing market is recovering. Construction is starting to show positive signs, consumers are growing in confidence and are becoming freer with their spending and the market is entering new periods of growth. This is a far cry from the dire situation in the not too distant past, in the run up to the bursting of the U.S. housing bubble. Interest rates were very low at that time, making credit cheap and abundantly available. Banks and lending institutions led people to believe that it was okay to buy multiple properties with little money and that real estate was just about the safest investment anyone could make. More and more people decided to take the risk and invest in the market. This coupled with the increased number of people descending on the market caused prices to soar; it seemed like an easy way to make cash fast. But this is how the bubble formed and it was this bubble, upon bursting, that would set into motion a chain of events that would bring the global economy to its knees; plunging the world into an economic depression of which it has not seen the likes since the Great Depression of the 1930s. 
 This statistic represents the European tire production from 2005 through 2016. In 2016, approximately 4.9 million tires were produced here. In terms of sales, Bridgestone and Michelin are ranked as the leading tire manufacturers. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Borussia Dortmund from the 2008/09 season to the 2018/19 season. In the 2018/19 season, the revenue of Borussia Dortmund amounted to 446.03 million euros. 
 This statistic shows that the average length of stay (ALOS) in U.S. community hospitals from 1993 to 2017. In 2007, a hospital stay in the United States had an average length of 5.5 days. Since then, there was no significant change in the length of stay. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Puerto Rico from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Puerto Rico's real gross domestic product decreased by around 4.91 percent compared to the previous year. 
 From 2004 to 2018, the total number of deaths in France has been increasing, reaching 601,000 in 2018 compared to 509,429 deaths fifteen years earlier. This increase has also been seen in the death rate in France. Over the same time period, the death rate in the country went from 8.3 per 1,000 inhabitants, up to 9.2 in 2018. Deaths in France Despite being the second most populous country in Europe, France was ranked fourth in term of number of deaths in Europe in 2017. As in other Western countries, the leading causes of death among the French population appear to be diseases and cancer. In 2015, more than 71 thousand French women died of cancer, compared to 95 thousand men. Circulatory system diseases were also one of the most frequent causes of death. Regarding external causes of death, France has been fighting for years against road deaths. Prevention campaigns, as well as new traffic regulations, have led to a decrease in road deaths in France since 2006. Aging in France France has one of the highest life expectancies in Europe. In 2018, female life expectancy at birth reached 85.4 years, while male life expectancy amounted 79.5 years. The French appear to be concerned about health issues, now that the population of the country is getting older. However, since the mid-2000s the number of healthy life years of French citizens at birth come over 63 years old, whereas it reaches 58 years old in Germany. 
 This graph shows the total number of families in the United States from 1960 to 2019. In 2019, 83.48 million families were living in the United States. 
 There were 731 thousand live births recorded in the United Kingdom in 2018, a decline of almost 24 thousand births when compared with the previous year. Between 2000 and 2018 the year with the highest number of live births was 2012 when there were almost 813 thousand births. Birth rate at a 15-year low At 11.4 births per 1,000 people, the birth rate of the United Kingdom in 2017 marked a fifteen-year low. After witnessing a twenty-first century high of 12.9, the birth rate gradually started to decline before a sharp decrease was recorded between 2012 and 2013. Age of mothers increasing As well as a declining birth rate, the average age at which mother’s give birth in the United Kingdom has risen as well. From 2000 until 2012 the average age for mothers at childbirth increased from 28.5 to 29.8 years old, before reaching 30 in 2013. In 2017, the overall average age of mothers was 30.5 years, but for women having their first child it was 28.8. 
 This timeline shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Afghanistan from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Afghanistan's gross domestic product amounted to 19.63 billion U.S. dollars. For comparison, global GDP was estimated at almost more than 75 trillion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 This statistic shows the number of Allianz Group employees from 2005 to 2018. In 2018, Allianz Group employed approximately 142.46 thousand people worldwide. Allianz was founded in 1890 in Berlin as a transport and accident insurer. It is now headquartered in Munich, Germany and its largest areas are insurance and asset management. 
 This statistic shows the FIFA World Ranking of the Norwegian national football team from 1993 to 2019. The highest position ever reached was four in 1993. Rank 83 was the lowest result of the team, which was reached in 2016. As of 2019, Norway's position in the world ranking was 45. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Houston Astros from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Houston Astros was 35,276. • Houston Astros total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic presents the number of branches of Deutsche bank worldwide from 2010 to 2018. The number of global Deutsche Bank branches decreased from 3,083 in 2010 to 2,064 in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Bulgaria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Bulgaria's real gross domestic product grew by around 3.08 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Sacramento Kings games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 59.80 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Arizona Cardinals from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Arizona Cardinals was 61,323. 
 There were 604 road deaths recorded in Belgium in 2018. Belgium had been able to decrease the number of people fatally injured on its roads by nearly half since 2006. 2011 and 2015 were the only years in which the number of fatal accidents increased. As of August 2019, there were 7.61 million motor vehicles registered in the country. Road deaths in Europe Belgium ranked 14th in a list of European countries with the highest number of traffic accident related deaths per million population. In 2018, the Benelux country recorded 53 road fatalities per one million inhabitants. Non-fatal incidents 2017 saw 48,451 people injured in road accidents in Belgium, the lowest figure since the beginning of the reporting period in 2006. Figures for non-fatal road accidents echoed the development seen for fatal incidents. The only noticeable spike was recorded in 2011. 
 This statistic shows the lobbying expenditure of the NRA in the United States from 1998 to 2019. As of July 2019, the NRA spent about 860,000 U.S. dollars on lobbying. This is a significant decrease from 2018, when the NRA spent about 5.08 million on lobbying expenses. 
 The statistic illustrates the revenue of Miele & Cie. from 2006/07 to 2017/18. In its fiscal year 2016/17, Miele made total revenue of 4.1 billion euros worldwide, a record high. Miele's annual sales have witnessed continuous growth during the measured period. 
 The timeline depicts the player expenses of the New York Yankees from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the franchise had a team payroll, including benefits and bonuses, of 193 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the direct investment position of the United States in Japan from 2000 to 2018, on a historical-cost basis. In 2018, the U.S. investments made in Japan were valued at approximately 125 billion U.S. dollars. The total direct position of the United States abroad amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This timeline represents eBay Enterprise's, formerly known as GSI Commerce, annual net revenue from 1999 to 2014, in million U.S. dollars. In 2010, GSI Commerce reported a net revenue of 1.36 billion U.S. dollars before being acquired by eBay in June 2011. 
 This statistic presents data on the volume of milk consumed per capita in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2007 to 2012. In 2010 the volume of milk consumed amounted to 104.7 liters per capita, the largest volume in the six-year period. 
 As of 2019, the Dutch national men’s football team was positioned 12th on the FIFA World Ranking. This is an increase compared to the previous year, when the national team was ranked 14th. The best position was reached in 2010 and 2011, when The Dutch Eleven reached a second place, after reaching the final of the World Cup 2010 in South Africa. The national women’s football team, on the other hand, ranked 3rd in 2019, behind Germany and current World Champion United States. The Dutch women were very successful in the last two major tournaments with a European title in 2017 and a second place during the World Cup France in 2019. Club and player market values Eredivisie Ajax, PSV and Feyenoord are the traditional top three clubs of the highest football division in the Netherlands. Ajax Amsterdam had a total market value of approximately 370 million euros (based on player values) in 2019, whereas PSV Eindhoven and Feyenoord Rotterdam had a combined market value of 309.39 million euros. Looking at the value of Eredivisie players in 2019, the best ranked Dutch international footballer playing in the domestic league was Donny van de Beek (Ajax) with 40 million euros. Steven Bergwijn from PSV and Daley Blind from Ajax had a market value of 35 million and 24 million euros, respectively. Stadium capacity of Dutch football stadiums The Johan Cruijf Arena, home of Ajax and the Dutch national team for most of their matches, had a total stadium capacity of roughly 55,000. De Kuip (Feyenoord Rotterdam) could hold 47,500 people, whereas Philips Stadion of PSV Eindhoven had a capacity of 35,500. 
 The statistic shows Russia's share of the global gross domestic product (GDP) adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, Russia's share of global GDP (in relation to PPP dollars) amounted to about 3.12 percent. 
 This statistic presents the volume of money market instruments outstanding in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the volume of the money market instruments outstanding in the United States was approximately 0.99 trillion U.S. dollars. The money market is an informal network of banks, brokers, dealers and financial institutions which are linked electronically. Money market mutual funds are the most accessible option for individual investors in the money market. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Buffalo Bills, franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Buffalo Bills was 386 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of employees at Deloitte worldwide from 2006 to 2019. Deloitte employed 312,028 members of staff globally in 2019. Deloitte – additional information Deloitte, or to give it its full name, Deloitte Touche Tohmatsu Limited was founded in London in 1845, and as of 2017, its headquarters were located in New York City. Deloitte is one of the largest professional services firms and is included in the Big Four along with Price Waterhouse Coopers (PwC), Ernst & Young (EY) and KPMG. Deloitte provides a range of services encompassing tax, consulting, financial advisory and audit and enterprise risk and since 2006, Deloitte have reported their worldwide revenue divided by these functions. Audit and risk services remained the largest revenue generator for the company since 2006 when the service amounted to 9.8 billion U.S. dollars. In 2018, the consulting service exceeded the revenue of audit and risk services and in 2019 it contributed with 18.7 billion U.S. dollars, audit and risk services with 15.5 billion U.S. dollars, tax with 8.3 billion U.S. dollars and financial advisory services which amounted to 3.8 billion U.S. dollars. Deloitte versus the Big Four In terms of number of employees worldwide, Deloitte ranked first out of the big four accounting firms in 2019. With 312,028 employees on its payroll, Deloitte had more employees than its nearest rival EY who had 284,018 in 2019. In a breakdown of the revenue of the big four accounting/audit firms worldwide by geographical region in 2019, Deloitte was ranked top firm in the Americas where it generated 22.1 billion U.S. dollars. When it came to Europe, Middle East, Africa and Asia Pacific however, PwC generated around 1.7 billion U.S. dollars more than Deloitte. 
 The statistic shows the number of deaths caused by traffic accidents in Vietnam from 2014 to 2018. In the most recent reported year, the number of deaths amounted to approximately 8.13 thousand, indicating a decrease of 154 deaths compared to 2017. 
 This statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) of the European Union from 2014 to 2024 in billion U.S. dollars. In 2018, the EU's GDP amounted to about 18.74 trillion U.S. dollars. Brexit and the economy of the European Union The European Union is still recovering from the crisis in 2008, but it is by no means making an impressive comeback and 2016 has not started out on the right foot either. Total GDP of the European Union staggered in 2012 and even moreso in 2015. Recent events are also bound to reduce consumer confidence and drag down growth. The year began with the economic slowdown in China and has continued on with the United Kingdom’s decision to leave the European Union. The long term effects this decision is expected to have have an overall negative effect on GDP growth within the European Union. However, the effects will likely hit the UK and Ireland more so. By 2030, it is expected that the GDP growth of the European Union will be negative at around minus 0.36 percent. Even considering an optimistic scenario, GDP of the UK is expected to decrease by 2.72 percent by 2030, as well - a pessimistic forecast even reducing GDP growth to a 7.7 percent decrease. Yet, it is still too early to tell how Brexit will play out in reality, but it will almost certainly impact current future projections of GDP growth in the European Union and the Euro Area. 
 This statistic shows the net income generated by Intel from 2004 to 2019. In 2012, Intel reported a net income of 11 billion U.S. dollars. In 2011, Intel had a global workforce of 100 thousand employees. In 2019, Intel recorded a net income of 21.05 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows average ad spending by small businesses in the United Kingdom in 2011 and 2013. In 2013, spending reached 3,029 British pounds. Advertising spending grew by more than half during the period in consideration. Television is still a key source for all advertising spend in the United Kingdom and has seen significant growth since 1999. In 2017 the net advertising spend for television was 4.4 billion British pounds, an addition of nearly 1 billion British pounds since 1999. In an ever growing world of technology, it is no surprise to see that paid search has seen substantial growth. With more and more consumers owning a mobile phone and laptop, as well as people who have access to the internet nearly all day long, advertising spend for paid search has sky rocketed. In 2005 the first year that was recorded for this type of advertising, the net advertising spend was 768 million British pounds. This number has since grown to 6.15 billion British pounds in 2015, an increase of nearly 800 percent. 
 This statistic depicts the number of employees of JPMorgan Chase worldwide from 2008 to 2018. The number of JPMorgan Chase employees amounted to 256,105 in 2018. JPMorgan Chase – additional information JPMorgan Chase, along with Wells Fargo, Bank of America and Citigroup, is one of the leading banks in the United States. Headquartered in New York, JPMorgan Chase was the largest U.S. banks in terms of total assets in 2016, and it had the fifth position in the global ranking in 2014. JPMorgan Chase is also one of the largest banks in the world with regards to market capitalization. As of June 2019, the company's market cap amounted to approximately 369 billion U.S. dollars, making it the leading bank worldwide, by market capitalization. The number of JP Morgan Chase employees has decreased since 2011, when the bank employed 259,940 people. In 2016, the bank had just over 234 thousand employees, nearly 25 thousand less than five years before. Along with Wells Fargo, JP Morgan Chase is one of the largest U.S. employers in the banking sector. Both JPMorgan Chase and Wells Fargo are listed in the world's 50 largest companies based on number of employees rank, placing 43rd and 36th respectively, and amongst the top companies in the world in terms of market value, valued in almost 226 billion U.S. dollars and nearly 280 billion U.S. dollars respectively. 
 In 2008, approximately 26.5 million households in France disposed of one television or more. In 2017, the number of French households owning at least one television amounted to 28.6 million. Due to the implementation of new broadcasting resolution technologies, such as the 4K UHD, and to the growing affordability of high-end televisions, this figure could increase in the coming years. Streaming and Internet TV The advent of Smart TVs seems to have increased people’s fondness for television. The possibility of accessing online content through a television brought about a new internet-based broadcasting system. Companies such as the American Netflix profited immensely from this new technology. In France alone, Netflix recorded a 31 percent coverage among youths aged 15 to 24 years in June 2018 . Moreover, among the total French audience, Netflix’s coverage increased from 7,7 percent in October 2017 to 14,3 percent in May 2018. Nevertheless, the United Kingdom remains the leading Netflix market in Europe based on subscription numbers: almost 7 million people in the country subscribed to Netflix as of December 2017. The future of European cinemas? The expansion of Netflix and other streaming services in Europe seems to have had an ambivalent impact on the traditional cinema industry. Even though Germany is only slightly ahead of France in matters of internet TV penetration, the number cinema goers in Germany has decreased from a total of 135.9 million visitors in 2015 to only 100.1 million in 2018. Germany also happens to be the second leading market for Netflix in Europe. On the other hand, in France, there was an increasing number of cinema admissions recorded between 2013 and 2016. 
 This statistic shows the value of honey production in the U.S. from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the value of honey production in the United States came to around 333.5 million U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the gross output of the United States mining industry from 1998 to 2018. In 2018, the gross output of this industry came to around 624 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. mining industry The mining industry in the United States is a huge sector – especially when oil and gas extraction is included. In 2018, the industry generated a gross output of nearly 624 billion U.S. dollars. In 2000, this figure stood at just 218 billion. The value added through this industry was nearly 346.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, while this figure was around 81 billion in 1998. Employment in this industry has steadily been increasing over time. In 2000, employment stood at 521 thousand, and by 2018 this figure had increased to some 672 thousand. The leading U.S. metal and mineral mining companies are Nucor from Charlotte, Freeport-McMoRan from Phoenix, United States Steel from Pittsburgh, and Alcoa from New York. Alcoa is a major player in the aluminum business, covering all segments of production from mining to recycling. In 2018, this company generated some 13.4 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. However, U.S. companies are not among the top ten mining companies worldwide based on revenue. The most predominant company worldwide is British-Swiss corporation Glencore International, which is active in every segment of the commodity business. In total, Glencore made approximately 220 billion U.S. dollars worth of revenue in 2018. However, a large part of this amount was not made from businesses connected with mining. Globally, the top 40 mining companies made some 683 billion U.S. dollars of revenue combined in 2018. 
 The statistic shows home security solutions sales in the United States from 2012 to 2017. In 2014, home security solutions sales amounted to 4.11 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in badminton in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in badminton amounted to approximately 6.43 million. 
 This statistic depicts the average weekly working hours of all employees in the United States from 2007 to 2019. In 2019, the average working week was 34.4 hours long. 
 This statistic shows the consumption of ice cream per capita in Canada from 2004 to 2016. Ice cream consumption in Canada amounted to approximately 4.44 liters per capita in 2016, down from 4.52 liters the previous year. Ice cream in Canada - additional information Ice cream, most often classed as a dairy product, comes in a variety of different flavors and is usually made from cream or milk, with added natural or artificial flavorings, sweeteners and colorings. Some ice creams are served soft and some are served hard. Before the invention of modern refrigerators, ice cream was a luxury product for special occasions. Today, ice cream is eaten frequently, commonly as a sweet treat, snack or dessert. That said, recent statistics indicate a decline in the consumption of ice cream: in the decade between 2004 and 2014, Canada’s per capita consumption of ice cream fell from 9.15 liters to just 5.49 liters. Canada’s neighbor to the south, the United States, also reported a decline in the consumption of ice cream during this time frame, although the decrease was less pronounced. Canada produced around 195 thousand kiloliters of ice cream in 2014 and imported close to three quarters of a million kilograms in the same year. In recent years, a popular alternative to ice cream has emerged onto the market: frozen yogurt. Frozen yogurt, as the name implies, is made from yogurt and usually contains milk instead of cream making it a healthier and less sweet option. Frozen yogurt stores and stands have become a common trend and the dessert is now served in a large variety of flavors with toppings. Canada’s production of both hard and soft frozen yogurt has more than doubled since 2005, exceeding 18 million liters in 2013. 
 This statistic shows Celanese's revenue between 2007 and 2018. Celanese Corporation is a U.S.-based technology and specialty materials company. In 2018, the corporation made some 7.15 billion U.S. dollars of revenue. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Jacksonville Jaguars games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 81.54 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Argentina in 2017 and 2018 with projections until 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in Argentina is expected to reach 28 million, up from 24.5 million in 2017. 
 The statistic shows the unemployment rate in Canada from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the unemployment rate in Canada was at around 5.83 percent. Canada’s economy Three-quarter of Canada’s workforce is employed in the services sector, with the other two sectors, agriculture and industry, accounting for the rest of Canada’s employment. The country’s main export and import partner is the United States. Although both export and import figures have increased over the last few years, the trade balance of goods in Canada – i.e. the value of Canada’s exports minus the value of its imports – has slumped dramatically since the economic crisis hit in 2008. In 2009, for the first time in a decade, Canada reported a trade deficit, and the figures are still struggling to recover. Additionally, Canada’s public debt has been increasing since the crisis. Although a few key figures are still not back to the usual level, Canada and its economy seem to have more or less bounced back from the crisis; as can be seen above, the unemployment rate is gradually decreasing, for example, and gross domestic product / GDP in Canada has been increasing steadily. Canada is thus among the countries with the largest proportion of global gross domestic product / GDP based on Purchasing Power Parity. Canada is among the leading trading nations worldwide, and an important part of its economy is the export of oil. The country hosts significant oil resources, in fact, its capacity is the third-largest after those of Saudi Arabia and Venezuela. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Honduras from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Honduras was estimated to be at approximately 4.11 percent. 
 This graph shows the number of reported motorcycle thefts in the United States in 2018, by state. In 2018, California had 7,035 motorcycles reported as stolen. 
 This statistic shows inbound visitor growth in Africa from 2018 to 2022. In 2018, inbound visitor numbers to Africa increased by 12 percent over the previous year. Inbound visitors to the region was forecast to grow by 5.1 percent in 2022. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Boston Red Sox franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 3.2 billion U.S. dollars.The Boston Red Sox are owned by John Henry and Thomas Werner, who bought the franchise for 380 million U.S. dollars in 2002. 
 This statistic gives information on the overall amount spent on mobile games by mobile games in the United States from 2014 to 2016. During the last reported period, it was found that the average overall mobile gaming expenditure per user amounted to 77.6 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the rate of crimes in Sweden from 2007 to 2017 per 100,000 inhabitants. The rate of crimes in Sweden in 2017 was 15,062 crimes per 100,000 inhabitants. The highest number during the considered period was reached in 2015, with 15,342 crimes per 100,000 inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Argentina from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Argentina was at about 8.8 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Norway from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 82.25 percent of Norway's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the production of sweet potatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, approximately 31.55 million cwt of potatoes were produced in the country in 2016. 
 This statistic shows the total revenue of the UEFA from the 2004/05 season to the 2017/18 season. The season runs from July 1 to June 30 of the following year. The revenue of the 2017/18 season was 2.79 billion euros. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Toronto Blue Jays franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.5 billion U.S. dollars. The Toronto Blue Jays are owned by Rogers Communications, who bought the franchise for 137 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 The statistic presents the value of homeowner equity in the United States from 1960 to 2018. Home equity value is calculated by subtracting the value of remaining mortgage debt from the market value of the real estate property. That means that the value of home equity increases as the debtor pays off the mortgage. The value of homeowner equity in the United States increased from approximately 6.16 trillion U.S. dollars in 2010 to approximately 15.54 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Nepal from 2014 to 2019, with projections through 2024. In 2019, Nepal's real gross domestic product increased by around 7.05 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Cambodia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Cambodia's gross domestic product amounted to around 24.44 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Haiti from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Haiti amounted to about 12.89 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Kansas City Royals from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 244 million U.S. dollars.The Kansas City Royals are owned by David Glass, who bought the franchise for 96 million U.S. dollars in 2000. 
 The timeline depicts the gate receipts of the New York Yankees from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the gate receipts of the New York Yankees were at 284 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 2004 to 2015 with projections up to 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2015, the GDP per capita in Myanmar amounted to around 1,219.48 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the number of Best Western hotels worldwide from 2009 to 2015. There were 4,046 Best Western hotels worldwide as of January 1, 2014, up from 4,013 at the same time the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Costa Rica from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Costa Rica was 8.19 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average number of people per family in Canada from 2000 to 2017. The average Canadian household in 2017 consisted of 2.9 people, compared to 3.0 people in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the capital expenditure (CAPEX) of Royal Dutch Shell Plc from 2011 to 2018, in million U.S. dollars. In 2018, Shell's CAPEX amounted to some 23.01 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Orlando Magic games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 35.29 U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Arizona Cardinals games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 84.83 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Saudi Arabia from 2007 to 2017. The fertility rate is the average number of children born by one woman while being of child-bearing age. In 2017, Saudi Arabia's fertility rate amounted to 2.37 children born per woman. 
 This statistic shows Total S.A.'s proved reserves by geographical region in 2018, measured in million barrels of oil equivalent. In the Americas, there was a total of approximately 1.94 billion barrels of oil equivalent in 2018. Total S.A. is one of the world's largest oil and gas companies. The French company, headquartered in Paris-Courbevoie, specializes in the entire oil and gas chain, as well as chemical manufacturing. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Nigeria from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Nigeria was at about 75.7 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This graph depicts the total regular season home attendance of the New York Yankees from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the regular season home attendance of the New York Yankees was at 3.3 million. • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This statistic shows the national debt of Portugal from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Portugal was around 269.53 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic outlines the number of employees at PetroChina from 2009 to 2018. PetroChina Company Limited is a Chinese oil and gas company, and China's biggest oil producer. The company is headquartered in Beijing. In 2018, the company employed 476,223 people. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Costa Rica from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Costa Rican population was 31.2 years. 
 This statistic represents FCA/Chrysler's vehicle sales market share in the United States in 2014 and 2018. In 2018, Fiat Chrysler Automobiles (FCA) had a U.S. market share of around 12 percent. Chrysler merged with Fiat in 2014, to form Fiat Chrysler Automobiles 
 This statistic displays the annual exchange rate (average or standardized measure) of the euro to the U.S. dollar (EUR USD), according to the data from the European Central Bank, which cover the period from the introduction of the euro in 1999 up until 2019. The average (standardized) measure is based on the calculation of many observations throughout the period in question. It is therefore different than an annual measure at point in time, which reflects concrete values as of end of the year. Between the years of 2001 and 2008, the average annual exchange rate of the euro to the U.S. dollar noted a steep increase. In 2008, the euro to U.S. dollar annual average exchange rate was equal to 1.47, which meant that one euro could buy 1.47 U.S. dollars. By 2019 this value had decreased overall, to a value of 1.12 which meant that one euro could buy 1.12 U.S. dollars. Similar dynamics in the euro to U.S. dollar exchange rate were also reflected in the monthly exchange rate in recent years. 
 This statistic shows the total population of the European Union from 2009 to 2019. The population is based on data from the most recent census adjusted by the components of population change produced since the last census, or based on population registers. At the beginning of 2019, the total population of the European Union amounted to approximately 513.48 million inhabitants. See figures for the total population by continent here. The global population The global population is rapidly increasing. Between 1990 and 2015, the global population has increased by around 2 billion people, and it is estimated to have increased by another 1 billion people by 2030. Asia is the continent in the world with the largest population, followed by Africa and Europe. Asia has the two most populous nations in the world: China and India. In 2014, the combined population in China and India amounted to more than 2.6 billion people. The total population in Europe is around 741 million people. As of 2014, about 10.2 percent of the global population lived in Europe. Europe is the continent with the second highest life expectancy at birth in the world. Born in 2013, the average European was estimated to live for around 78 years. Stable economies as well as developing and emerging markets in Europe provide for good living conditions for foreign nationals; seven of the top twenty countries in the world with the largest gross domestic product in 2015 are located in Europe. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Armenia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Armenia amounted to about 2.54 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic displays the projected number of people with dementia in Singapore in 2015, 2030 and 2050. According to the source, approximately 240 thousand people are projected to have dementia by 2050 in Singapore. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of the United Kingdom from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in the United Kingdom was about 2.36 trillion U.S. dollars. Reduction of the national debt and recovery of the economy in the UK The debt of the United Kingdom, which amounted to around 1,600 billion pounds in 2014 - more than it has ever been - is projected to keep rising. Since the economic recession of 2007-08, economic growth in the United Kingdom has been slow, but it has been able to recover. In 2014, the United Kingdom recorded a 2.8 percent growth rate. Many believe that if the economy is stable, the government will reduce spending and not accrue any more debt, and it can indeed be seen that while government spending continues to increase, the gap between spending and revenue is projected to get smaller. If the government were to earn more than it spends, it could use the money left over to pay the national debt and start to reduce it. However, what is even more important is the size of the debt in relation to the size of the country's economy; if the debt grows slower than the economy, the debt to GDP ratio can still fall, despite a budget deficit. The ratio of government expenditure to GDP indicates that the economy is recovering at a faster rate than government expenditure, with the ratio decreasing significantly over the last decade and the national debt in relation to GDP being expected to decrease further as well - albeit slowly. This should help relieve concerns over the United Kingdom’s mounting debt, but for some debt reduction is just not fast enough. 
 This statistic shows the global cotton stocks-to-use ratio from 1990 to 2019. In 2017, the cotton stocks-to-use ratio worldwide stood at 66 percent. The global production of cotton amounted to some 114.73 million 480-pound bales in that year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Serbia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Serbia amounted to around 7,223 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Rwanda from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Rwanda was at 1.64 percent. 
 This statistic shows emigration from Denmark over the years from 2008 to 2018. Migration out of the country has been fluctuating in this time period, but overall it has been declining. In 2018, there were nearly 21 thousand Danish emigrants. 
 The statistic shows the natural rate of population growth by continent in the middle of 2014. The natural rate of population growth in Africa was 2.5 percent in the middle of 2014.The natural rate of population growth arises from the birth rate minus the death rate and without including the effects of migration.Population growthAs shown in the statistic above, the natural rate of population growth continues to increase on almost every continent in 2013.Due to medical advances, better living conditions and the increase of agricultural productivity the world population is continuously rising. The development of the world population from 1950 to 2030 is estimated to be tripled according to United Nations’ data.The majority of the world population lives in Asia, but the population in Africa is forecasted to rise from 1,031 in year 2010 up to 4,185 in year 2100. This forecast is based on the rapid growth of the developing countries, such as Africa. Developing countries are well known for its urban residents living in slum conditions. A slum is defined as a thickly populated, metropolitan area with bad living conditions and people living below the poverty line.The urban population in developing countries, who lived in slums has increased steadily for the last decades. In 1990, around 656.7 million people were living in slums in developing countries, while this number rose to 827.7 million people living in slums of developing countries in 2010.The number of people living in slums worldwide is estimated to grow from 1,145,984 in year 2010 to 1,477,291 in year 2020 by the UN-HABITAT. In some countries the population living in slums grows faster than in others, naturally. The percentage of urban slum dwellers in Morocco for example nearly doubled from 13 percent to 24 percent between 2000 and 2010, while the same rate in Turkey only grew moderately from 13 to 18 percent. 
 The total health expenditure in South Korea in 2018 accounted for approximately 8.1 percent of Korea's Gross Domestic Product (GDP) that year. This was the result of the steepest increase in the past ten years and was the first time health spending as a share of the GDP exceeded eight percent. This share saw a continuous increase over the past decade, indicating that as the GDP grew, health spending grew at an even faster rate. Korea's GDP per capita was over 33 thousand U.S. dollars in 2018, increased from around 18.2 thousand dollars in 2009, while overall medical expenses in 2018 had increased by almost ten percent over the previous year, up to around 14.44 billion South Korean won (over 12 million U.S. dollars). Nearly 60 percent of the costs were covered by the government or the public health insurance system. Higher health spending is still insufficient Even though health spending as a share of the GDP exceeded eight percent in 2018, this was lower than the OECD average of 8.8 percent. Likewise, the government’s health expenses were around 60 percent and slightly increased from the previous year, but still lower than the OECD average of almost 74 percent. The increased expenditure was largely attributed to the introduction of what is dubbed “Moon Jae-In Care”, named after the current Korean president, much like the American Affordable Care Act is colloquially known as “Obamacare”. In short, the government will provide greatly expanded coverage for medical treatments and care, increasing the reimbursement rate of the public health insurance, along with other measures. In addition, the Korean population as a whole is rapidly aging, and more people than before are being hospitalized and receiving examinations. Koreans already see doctors far more frequently than any other OECD nationals. Strains on health spending and insurance The Korean national public health insurance system enjoyed seven years of surplus revenue since 2011 but fell into the red in 2018. As noted above, Moon Jae-In Care and the aging population are largely responsible. The years’ worth of revenue is projected to run out in the coming years. Foreigners who come to Korea as medical tourists make things worse, with an all-time high of over 380 thousand medical tourists to Korea in 2018. 
 This statistic illustrates the expenditure of AbbVie on research and development from 2012 to 2019. In 2018, AbbVie spent some 10.3 billion U.S. dollars on research and development. Abbot was a U.S.-based global pharmaceutical and healthcare products company, headquartered in Chicago, Illinois. In January 2013, Abbott was separated into two companies: Abbott Laboratories and AbbVie. Abbott Laboratories is now specialized on medical products, while AbbVie is responsible for research-based pharmaceuticals. 
 This statistic shows degree of urbanization in Switzerland from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization is defined as the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, approximately 73.8 percent of Switzerland's population lived in cities. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Croatia from between 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Croatia's real gross domestic product had increased by around 2.63 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Portland Trail Blazers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 45.34 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Poland from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 60.06 percent of Poland's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in Georgia from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in Georgia amounted to 55,821 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows total consumer spending on coffee, cocoa and tea in the United Kingdom (U)K from 2005 to 2018. In 2016, consumer spending was at approximately 3.1 billion British pounds. Spending rose during the period in consideration from around 1.9 billion British pounds in 2005. Hot drinks have always played an important role in British culture, particularly in the case of tea, as seen in the high and rising market value of hot drinks. Recently, however, the increasing popularity of coffee has dented sales of tea, turning Brits into a nation of coffee drinkers. This has been furthered exaggerated by cheaper and easier access to premium coffee via the likes of coffee pod machines. Tea is also making a new name for itself, however, with loose leaf tea, as well as fruit and herbal teas, appealing to the many that are improving their eating habits and following current health and wellness trends. 
 In 2019, Mexico and the Irish Republic were neck and neck with both countries delivering beer worth 107 and 102 million British pounds, respectively. The value of imports coming from the Netherlands during this time was about half of this. Imports from Italy and Spain followed closely. Production in supplying countriesIreland’s beer production has been mostly stagnating since 2009. The countries production for 2018 amounted to 8.3 million hectoliters. In comparison, Mexican production that year reached only 120 million hectoliters. However, the countries production has been increasing for the last five years. Meanwhile, UK production has been falling opening the market further and is now (2017) about 18 million hectoliters smaller than in 2003. Changing importsThe amount of beer that is flowing into the UK has been growing. Imports have reached a billion liters or ten million hectoliters. Both EU and non-EU imports have generally grown since 2003. However, non-EU imports have seen more growth in recent years. While 2017 and 2018 saw smaller EU imports than 2016. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Saudi Arabia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Saudi Arabia was at 25.55 percent. 
 This graph depicts the value of the San Francisco Giants franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of three billion U.S. dollars. The San Francisco Giants are owned by Charles Johnson, who bought the franchise for 100 million U.S. dollars in 1993. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in St. Lucia from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in St. Lucia was at approximately 20.47 percent. 
 The statistic shows the revenue of the U.S. employee wellness market in 2011 provides a forecast for 2016. 1.45 billion U.S. dollars in total revenue was generated by the U.S. employee wellness market in 2011. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Argentina in 1984 and 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Argentina amounted to around 11,658.22 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Sweden from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Sweden amounted to around 54,356.07 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the growth of the gross domestic product (GDP) in Sweden from 2007 to 2017. The Swedish gross domestic product declined the most in the year 2009, when it was at a negative rate of 5.2 percent. 
 This graph shows the internet usage penetration in the United States as of November 2017, sorted by state. During the survey period, it was found that New Hampshire had the second-highest online penetration rate as 88.3 percent of the population used the internet. Washington was ranked first with 88.5 percent of online access anywhere. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in water skiing in the United States from 2006 to 2017. In 2017, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in water skiing amounted to approximately 3.57 million. 
 This statistic shows the number of foundations in the United States from 1990 to 2015. In 2015, there were a total of 86,203 foundations registered in the United States. 
 The statistic presents the number of community banks in the United States from 1984 to 2013. A declining tendency could be observed as the number of community banks decreased from 17,401 in 1984 to 6,146 in 2013. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Milwaukee Brewers from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Milwaukee Brewers was 36,090. • Milwaukee Brewers total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of fresh sweet potatoes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh sweet potatoes amounted to about eight pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic provides information on the number of internet users in Japan from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, Japan had approximately 117.6 million internet users. This figure is projected to decrease to about 117.5 million internet users in 2023. 
 The statistic represents Northrop Grumman's revenue from the fiscal year of 2017 to the fiscal year of 2019. In the 2019 fiscal year, the Virginia-based aerospace and defense technology company generated some 33.8 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in current U.S. dollars in Puerto Rico from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in Puerto Rico amounted to around 31,603.41 U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, YouTube was the most popular online music service in the United Kingdom, with 59 percent of respondents saying they used YouTube to stream, download, or share music. Spotify was the second most popular online music service, and was used by 42 percent of respondents in 2018. Music retail Sales revenue of music at retail has been increasing over recent years and totaled roughly 1.3 billion British pounds in 2018. Digital music sales in the UK amounted to more than 950 million British pounds in 2018; a significant increase when compared to the 333 million pound total back in 2011. Digital music Digital music revenues in the United Kingdom reached almost 670 million U.S. dollars in 2018, and are forecast to grow to over 900 million by 2023. The digital share of overall music sales in the UK reached 71.3 percent in 2018, up from 43.8 percent in 2013. 
 This statistic shows the number of independent writers, artists and performers in the United States from 2000 to 2013. In 2013, 765,790 people worked either part-time or full-time as independent performers, artists or writers. Included are solo artists without employees working part-time or full-time in their artistic trade. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Miami Dolphins, a franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Miami Dolphins was 443 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Fitness First UK company from 2012 to 2015. In 2013, the health club chain generated a revenue of 842.63 million U.S. dollars. In the same year, the UK based company operated 378 clubs. 
 This statistic presents the value of mobile peer to peer payments in the United States from 2013 to 2015 and a forecast thereof until 2018. In 2015, the value of mobile P2P payments amounted to 16 billion U.S. dollars and it was predicted to increase to 86 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the revenues of Citigroup from 2011 to 2018. In 2018, Citigroup generated a global revenue of approximately 72.85 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Iran from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Iran's GDP amounted approximately 446.11 billion U.S. dollars. 
 In 2018, there were approximately 2.69 million people employees in the insurance sector in the United States. Employment in the insurance industry – additional information Employment within the insurance industry has shown significant growth since 1960. Each decade, between 1960 and 2000, there was an increase in the number of employees which were employed in the industry – increasing by around 300,000 employees each decade. However, between 2000 and 2010, the number of employees declined from 2.35 million to 2.34 million. Some recovery and growth within employment can be seen to have occurred in 2014. This growth is likely the result of increasing numbers of agents, brokers and service employees in the insurance industry, which has been positive since 2010. The number of health insurance employees has also seen growth, but the number of employees in life insurance saw a significant decrease between 2000 and 2005 and stagnation ever since. Stagnation within industry employment is believed to be the result of many health insurance professionals entering retirement and these positions being left vacant or being replaced by increasing automation within the industry. The number of employees in the U.S. reinsurance industry can also be seen to be on the decline, and overall, a lack of job growth within the industry is also seen as a threat to the business model of insurance companies. 
 This statistic displays the population density of Thailand from 2005 to 2017. In 2017, the population density of Thailand was around 135 people per square kilometer of land area, an increase from the previous year. 
 This statistic shows consumers' annual Halloween expenditure in the United States from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, U.S. consumers planned to spend approximately 8.8 billion U.S. dollars for the Halloween season. 
 This statistic illustrates the annual revenue generated by Brose Fahrzeugteile for the years 2008 through to 2018, in million euros, as well as the revenue projected for 2019. Brose is a German based manufacturer of parts and components for the automotive industry. After declining in 2009, the company's revenue increased in each of the following years recorded here and it is expected to continue this period of growth during 2019. The company recorded it's largest increases in revenue in 2010 and 2015. The company expect to generate approximately 6.6 billion euros in 2019. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Greece from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Greece was at about 3.6 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 The timeline depicts the per capita consumption of tea in the United States from 2000 to 2015. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of tea amounted to approximately 8.26 gallons in 2015. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Malaysia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up to 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Malaysia amounted to about 22.7 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 Among Canadian provinces, Ontario had the largest number of hospitals with around 500 establishments, as of 2016. Canada has a publicly funded health care system based on a system of taxation, fees and private funding. Current reports estimate that health care expenditures account for over 11 percent of Canada’s gross domestic product (GDP). Health care expenditures for hospitals totaled 71.6 billion Canadian dollars in 2018. Hospital expenditures in Canada In total, there were over 1,400 hospitals in Canada as of 2016. Hospital expenditures per capita appear to be highest in less populated territories. In 2017-2018, the greatest expenditures for hospitals in Canada were staff compensation and supplies. Research, education and other areas accounted for just over 10 percent of expenditures during that time. The hospital with the highest research spending in Canada in 2017 was the University Health Network located in Ontario. Patients in Canadian hospitals In general, the average length of hospital stays in Canada appears to be on the decline. Common reasons for hospitalizations in Canada include child birth, COPD, pneumonia, heart failure and mental health disorders. Canadian hospitals perform a large number of surgeries every year. During fiscal year 2016-2017, C-sections, knee replacements and hip replacements were the most common surgeries in Canada. 
 This statistic represents Parrot's annual revenue from the fiscal year of 2016 and the fiscal year of 2017. In the fiscal year of 2018, the French manufacturer generated revenue of approximately 109 million euros. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Oman from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Oman's gross domestic product amounted to around 79.28 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This timeline depicts the net sales of Dollar General in the United States from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, the company's net sales amounted to approximately 25.63 billion U.S. dollars. Dollar General is a chain of discount variety stores that operates in 44 U.S. states. 
 This statistic shows the smartphone penetration as share of the population in Australia from 2012 to 2016 with forecasts until 2022. In 2016, 66.06 percent of the Australian population used a smartphone and the number is estimated to reach around 74.44 percent by 2022. 
 This statistic shows digital payment provider Square's annual net revenue from 2012 to 2019. In the most recently reported year, the company's net revenues amounted to 4.71 billion U.S. dollars, up from almost 3.3 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding year. 
 This graph depicts the revenue forecasts for the U.S. toys and games market from 2009 to 2014. Estimated revenue for 2010 is 21.98 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. Toys and Games Market The toys and games market comprises a wide range of products, including art and craft, building and other learning and hobby sets/toys, dolls, jigsaw, board and card games, action figures, die cast models, soft toys and outdoor games and sports toys/games. Traditional toy sales are suffering due to the growing popularity of the computer games market; however, this is somewhat balanced by a constant demand for infants’ toys. Toys and games are not necessities but rather viewed as a treat of which frequency and cost is dependent on the affluence of the buyer. Grandparents of the baby-boomer generations are generally wealthier than in previous generations, especially in developed nations, and are able to spoil their grandchildren to a greater extent. The popularity of many toys and games is short-lived and/or seasonal, which means the retail market is subject to rapid change. It is becoming increasingly challenging for independent toy stores to compete with mass merchandisers and department stores, as these types of stores are able to exploit economies of scale to offer low prices. However, the biggest threat and the most significant substitutes to the toys and games market are computer games. Children are playing computer games at a lower age in an increasingly digital world. Consoles, PCs and mobile phones are playing an ever growing part in children's lives by providing games, education and entertainment. Despite not providing a cheaper alternative on the whole, computer games are becoming more popular to the detriment of traditional toys and games where customer loyalty is low with no switching costs. The toys and games market is generally fragmented, with numerous retailers present, boosting the competition within this market. Some market players are highly dependent on revenues from toys and games sales, with department stores and supermarkets being less dependent than specialized toy stores, due to the variety of goods on offer. 
 This statistic shows the number of migrant worker children growing up away from their parents in China in 2005 and 2010. The 6th National Population Census of the Republic of China estimated that 61 million rural children until the age of 17 grew up without their parents. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Jordan from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Jordan's gross domestic product amounted to around 42.29 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Denmark from 2009 to 2019. The fertility rate rose to 1.9 children per woman in 2010 but started to decline since then. In 2019, the rate was 1.7 children. 
 The statistic shows Japan's share of the global gross domestic product (GDP) adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity (PPP) from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, Japan's share of GDP (in relation to PPP dollars) was about 4.13 percent. For further information, see Japan's GDP. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Albania from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Albania's gross domestic product amounted to around 15.06 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenue of Choice Hotels worldwide from 2008 to 2019. Global hotel company Choice Hotels International generated approximately 1.11 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2019, up from 1.04 billion the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of the total population living in urban areas in Cameroon from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, 56.37 percent of the total population of Cameroon was living in urban areas. 
 The statistic depicts the total number of smartphone users in Argentina from 2017 to 2023. It is expected that the number of smartphone users in Argentina will reach 24.9 million in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Malawi from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Malawi was 5.38 percent. 
 This graph shows the poverty rate in South Carolina from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 15.3 percent of South Carolina's population lived below the poverty line. 
 The timeline presents TV advertising revenue during the NCAA men's basketball tournament from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue amounted to approximately 1.32 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Belgium from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Belgium's real gross domestic product grew by around 1.44 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic provides an estimate of the apparel and footwear e-commerce sales in Indonesia in 2014, 2015 and 2019. In 2014, online apparel and footwear sales amounted to 1,880 billion IDR (approximately 151 million U.S. dollars). 
 The statistic illustrates the number of passengers boarded by Lufthansa from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the German airline transported some 142 million passengers, up from 129.3 millions in the previous year. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Detroit Tigers from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 276 million U.S. dollars.The Detroit Tigers are owned by Michael Illtich, who bought the franchise for 82 million U.S. dollars in 1992. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration in Chile from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, 82.3 percent of the Chilean population accessed the internet, up from 19.1 percent in 2001. In 2016, 83.56 percent of the Chilean population acceded to internet. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Eritrea from 1994 to 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Eritrea's gross domestic product amounted to around 2.01 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the total consumer credit outstanding in the United States from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the consumer credit outstanding in the U.S. amounted to approximately 3.92 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the profit of General Electric in the segment of Healthcare from 1997 to 2018 GE Healthcare is a division of GE Technology Infrastructure, which is itself a division of General Electric (GE). In 2002, the General Electric Healthcare segment generated a profit of 1.6 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the net revenue of Americold Logistics worldwide from 2013 to 2018. In 2018, the American company reported net revenue to the value of almost 1.15 billion U.S. dollars from its cold chain logistics worldwide. 
 This statistic shows Cameron International's revenue from 2006 to 2015. Cameron International Corporation is a global provider of services and equipment as well as project management for the oil and gas and process industries. In 2006, the company brought in an annual revenue of around 3.74 billion U.S. dollars. In April 2016, Schlumberger Limited's acquisition of Cameron International was completed. 
 This statistic shows the global earnings before interest and tax (EBIT) of BMW Group from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, BMW Group had a global EBIT of approximately 9.1 billion euros, representing an increase over the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in Alabama from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in Alabama amounted to 49,936 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic illustrates Denso's global revenue from the fiscal year of 2008 to the fiscal year of 2019. In the fiscal year of 2019, Denso had global net sales of around 5.36 trillion yen (or about 48 billion U.S. dollars). 
 The statistic shows Venezuela's budget balance in relation to GDP between 2008 and 2017, with projections up until 2018. A positive value indicates a budget surplus, a negative value indicates a deficit. In 2017, the budget deficit of Venezuela amounted to around 16.61 percent of GDP. 
 This statistic shows the number of TV owning households in Italy from 2008 to 2018. As of 2018, there were 25.3 million households. The number of households increased during the period in consideration. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Ottawa Senators from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Ottawa Senators amounted to 127 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic represents the annual online shopping cart abandonment rate worldwide from 2006 to 2019. As of the most recently surveyed period, 69.57 percent of digital shopping carts and baskets were abandoned and the purchase was not completed. 
 This statistic shows the median household income in New Jersey from 1990 to 2018. In 2018, the median household income in New Jersey amounted to 74,176 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total United Kingdom (UK) HMRC stamp duty land tax receipts from fiscal year 2000/01 to fiscal year 2018/19. Stamp duty brought a total of over 135 billion British pounds (GBP) in revenue to the HMRC during this period. The peak was in 2017/18 when the receipts amounted to approximately 13 billion pounds. 
 This statistic depicts the total revenue of German chemical and pharmaceutical company Merck KGaA from 1999 to 2018. In 2018, the company generated total revenues of some 14.8 billion euros. In the United States, Merck KGaA is also known as "EMD Chemicals" or "German Merck". The company is headquartered in Darmstadt. Founded in 1668, Merck is the oldest operating chemical and pharmaceutical company worldwide. 
 This statistic shows China's expenditure on military services from 1998 to 2018. In 2018, China's military spending amounted to an estimated 250 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Finland from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Finland's real gross domestic product increased by around 1.66 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The population in Sweden has been growing annually and reached 10.23 million in 2018, and these individuals were living in almost 4.7 million households. As with the growing population, the number of households were growing annually as well, from 4.3 households in 2011, up to the 4.7 in 2018. Single household without children most common Most of the households in Sweden in 2018 were single households without children and amounted to around 1.8 million. They composed around 40 percent of all households in Sweden during that year. The second most common type of households were cohabiting or married without children, amounting to around 1.1 million. Most common ages for single-person hosueholds The most common age for men living in a single-person household in 2018 was from 25 to 34 years, while for women the highest number living in single-person household was found in the age group from 65 to 74 years. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Angola from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Angola's gross domestic product amounted to around 105.9 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic gives information on the internet penetration in Cameroon from 2000 to 2017. In the most recently measured period, 23.2 percent of the population accessed the internet, up from 0.25 percent in 2000. In 2015, Cameroon's population increased by approximately 2.48 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Iceland from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 93.81 percent of Iceland's total population lived in urban areas and cities. The population of Iceland Iceland is currently 94 percent urban, making it the eighth most urban country in the world. However, even though the majority of the population lives in urban areas, the island itself is not densely populated. The population overwhelmingly lives in the nation’s capital and largest city, Reykjavik, which is located in the southwest corner of the island and is considered the northernmost national capital in the world. Reykjavik is only home to around 120,000 people and has more of a suburban feel to it than that of an urban metropolis. Reykjavik has become the home base for the country’s booming tourist industry for those who want to venture out to explore the island’s vast wilderness. In 2014 alone, there were around 4.4 million tourists who stopped on the island for a short stay (413264). The two second largest cities, Kopavogur and Hafnarfjour, are also located very close to the capital, and are each home to around 30,000 people- significantly less than the population of Reykjavik. In total, the small island nation reports a population of around 330,000 people as of 2015, and these figures are not likely to grow significantly in the future, as the fertility rate is less than the natural replacement rate and annual population growth is also low. 
 This statistic shows the number of active duty U.S. Air Force personnel from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, there were 321,618 active duty U.S. Air Force members, as compared to 351,326 in 2000. 
 This statistic portrays the capacity of the world container ship fleet from 1980 through 2019. In 2019, the world merchant container ship fleet had a capacity of around 266 million metric tons deadweight. As of January 2018, there were 5,152 container ships in the world's merchant fleet. 
 This statistic shows the average travel spend per trip in the United States from 2012 to 2016. In the 12 months leading up to May 2014, U.S. travelers spent an average of 1,364 U.S. dollars per trip. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in the Czech Republic from 1995 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the GDP per capita in the Czech Republic amounted to around 23,112.59 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Venezuela from 2008 to 2018*. In 2017, the government expenditure in Venezuela amounted to about 36.57 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Albania from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Albania was 13.96 percent. 
 This statistic shows the direct investment position of the United States in Asia Pacific from 2000 to 2018, on a historical-cost basis. In 2018, the U.S. investments made in Asia Pacific was valued at approximately 886 billion U.S. dollars. U.S. direct investment abroad is defined as ownership by a U.S. investor of at least 10 percent of a foreign business. The direct investor is known as a U.S. parent, and the U.S.-owned foreign business is known as a foreign affiliate. The total direct position of the United States abroad amounted to 5.95 trillion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in beach volleyball in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in beach volleyball amounted to approximately 4.77 million. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Tampa Bay Rays from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 228 million U.S. dollars.The Tampa Bay Rays are owned by Stuart Sternberg, who bought the franchise for 200 million U.S. dollars in 2004. 
 Between 2000 and 2018 the death rate of the United Kingdom fluctuated between a high of 10.4 deaths per 1,000 people in 2000 and a low of 8.7 in 2011. From 2011 onwards the death rate creeped up slightly and in the most recent year of 2018, reached 9.3. Over 616 thousand deaths in 2018 alone Although there was a net decrease of around three thousand deaths recorded in the United Kingdom between 2000 and 2018, the year with the lowest number of deaths was 2011 when there were just over 552 thousand deaths recorded. Improvements to life expectancy slowing In 2017, life expectancy in the United Kingdom reached approximately 83 years old for women and 79 years old for men. This marked an increase of around 2.5 years for women and about 3.5 years for men. Despite these developments, improvements to life expectancy have slowed down in recent years, with increases of zero weeks for women between 2015 and 2017 and almost zero for men in the same period. 
 The statistic depicts the manufacturers (wholesale) sales of sporting goods equipment, fitness equipment, sports apparel, athletic footwear, and sports licensed merchandise in the U.S. from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, wholesale sales amounted to about 92.26 billion U.S. dollars. Sporting goods manufacturers wholesale sales - additional information Wholesale sales of sporting goods in the U.S. reached 92.26 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, the highest figure to-date and a eight billion U.S. dollar increase on the figure from 2014. The biggest sector in this industry is athletic apparel, which generated U.S. wholesale sales of 36.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Sporting goods equipment made 25.06 billion U.S. dollars and athletic footwear contributed a further 16.55 billion U.S. dollars. Of the athletic apparel sales in the U.S. in 2017, over 16 billion U.S. dollars came from branded clothing. The single biggest athletic apparel brand in the U.S. and worldwide is Nike, whose sales of sports clothing reached almost five billion U.S. dollars in North America in 2018, a more than twofold increase on the figure from 2011. Adidas is also a major sports apparel brand in the U.S. Its global sales of apparel topped 8.2 billion euros in 2018. 
 The statistic illustrates the volume of concrete reinforcing bars that were produced in the United States between 2000 and 2017. In 2017, some 6.4 million metric tons of such products were produced here. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults attending a classical music event at least once in the past 12 months in the United States from 1982 to 2012. In 2012, 8.8 percent of U.S. adults had attended a classical music event at least once in the past year. 
 Data on Spotify's cost of goods sold from 2012 to 2019, which is mostly comprised of the music streaming company's licensing expenses, revealed that the company's cost of sales amounted to 5.04 billion U.S. dollars in 2019, more than five times the figure recorded five years earlier. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of corn products in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The U.S. per capita consumption of corn products amounted to 35.2 pounds in 2018. Corn products include flour and meal, hominy and grits, and food starch. 
 The statistic shows the sports market size in North America from 2009 to 2018, with forecasts from 2019 to 2023. In 2018, the North American sports market had a value of about 71.06 billion U.S. dollars. This figure is expected to rise to 83.1 billion by 2023. The market is composed of the segments gate revenues, media rights, sponsorships and merchandising. Sports market in the United States - additional information Today’s sports market size is experiencing strong growth, having developed into a full-blown worldwide industry in the past decades, with unprecedented levels of revenue and more industry players than ever. The market is divided into four main segments: gate receipts (ticket sales for live sporting events), sponsorship, media rights and merchandising. With more than 71 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2018, the North American sports market is one of the largest in the world. On the global level and in the U.S. as well, gate receipts represent one of the largest revenue segments in the sports market. For 2018, some 19.2 billion U.S. dollars in revenue were generated through ticket sales alone in North America. The largest revenue stream in the US sports market is the media rights market, where revenue is generated from fees paid by radio, television or internet broadcasters to distribute sporting events. Due to the wide availability of media devices, this sector has increased tremendously in size in the past ten years, from 8.5 billion U.S. dollars in revenue in 2006 to 20.14 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The sponsorship sector, which includes revenues generated by payments from companies to have their products associated with an event, a team or a league, has also been expanding in the past years. In 2018, an estimated 17.17 billion U.S. dollars of revenues were generated through this channel, with projections as high as 20.65 billion by 2023. The merchandising sector, which includes everything from team jerseys to branded sports equipment, has registered slow but steady growth, with projected revenues reaching over 15.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2023. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of the United Kingdom amounted to about 86.82 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in Canada from 2014 to 2018 in relation to gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in Canada amounted to about 89.94 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows the dividend per share of Daimler AG from the fiscal year of 2006 to the fiscal year of 2019. In its 2019 fiscal year, Daimler AG paid out a dividend of approximately 0.9 euros per share. 
 This statistic represents the percentage of attacks with improvised explosive devices in populated areas between 2011 and 2013. In 2013, 62 percent of all improvised explosive devices incidents took place in populated areas. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Seattle Mariners from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 320 million U.S. dollars.The Seattle Mariners are owned by John Stanton and Chris Larson, who bought the franchise for 1.2 billion U.S. dollars and 100 million U.S. dollars in 2016 and 1992 respectively. 
 This statistic shows the number of deaths of British (UK) tourists abroad from 2009 to 2014. 5,930 deaths were recorded in 2009/2010, with numbers rising during the following years. Though by 2013/2014 numbers had dropped to 4,110 deaths. However, this also has to do with new recording guidelines. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price of Detroit Red Wings games within the National Hockey League from 2005/06 to 2014/15. In the 2005/06 season, the average ticket price was 43.13 U.S. dollars. The Red Wings play their home games at the Joe Louis Arena in Detroit, Michigan. 
 Between 2000 and 2018 the inflation rate of the Retail Price Index fluctuated from a high of 5.2 percent in 2011 and a low of minus 0.5 percent in 2009. Forecasts from the UK government indicate that the RPI will stick to a low rate of either 3.1 or 3.2 percent until at least 2023. CPI official measurement While the retail price index is still a popular method of calculating inflation, the Office of National Statistics instead uses the Consumer Price Index as its official index. In order to stay relevant to the needs of consumers, the basket of goods used to calculate inflation frequently changes, and in recent years has omitted some items such as envelopes. UK CPI compared to Europe The United Kingdom’s forecasted CPI rate for 2019 was estimated to be 2.5 percent, which was slightly higher than other European Countries such as Germany and France which had inflation rates of 1.8 and 1.9 percent forecast for 2019. The UK government’s forecasts that the inflation rate is expected to be stabilize soon, reaching a rate between 2 and 2.1 percent between 2020 and 2023. 
 This statistic shows the total hay production in the United States from 2000 to 2019. According to the report, approximately 123.6 million tons of hay were produced in the country in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Libya from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the average inflation rate in Libya amounted to about 28.47 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The Ibex 35 is Spain’s main stock market index, featuring 35 of the companies with the most liquid assets that are traded in the Madrid Stock Exchange or Bolsa de Madrid in Spanish. Out of the 35 entities, the Madrid-based television network Mediaset España had the highest dividend yield during the time in consideration at 8.46 percent. The energy and cellulose-specialized company Ence came in second on the list, at 6.7 percent of dividend yield in 2019. The Ibex 35 development and performance The Spanish benchmark stock index developed positively up to 2007, when due to the financial the Ibex 3 rapidly fell to approximately 9196 index points down from 15182 the previous year. For this reason, the performance of the stock market index plummeted by 34.43 percent, which is the sharpest drop registered in recent years. As a result, the volatility rose by 48.2 percent in 2018, which is also the sharpest increase recorded over the last years. The Spanish market seems to be recovering from the impact caused by the 2008 financial crash, although it has not yet reached the levels prior to the recession. Mediaset: leader in Spanish television Mediaset España is Spain’s largest television network, with its flagship channel Telecinco at the top of the list of most watched television stations with 14.1 percent of the audience. Mediaset España is still far off its Italian counterpart in terms of net consolidated revenues though, which amounted to 996.3 million euros for Spain in 2017 and over 2.3 billion euros for the Italian branch. In total assets, the Spanish media group totted up 1.3 billion euros in 2018, enjoying around 257 million euros of operating income that year. 
 This statistic shows global revenue generated by the CBS Corporation from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the U.S. media conglomerate generated a global revenue of 14.51 billion US dollars, up from 13.69 billion a year earlier. 
 This statistic shows the proportion of metal and metal products that are produced from copper scrap and other low-grade residues worldwide from 2004 to 2014. In 2008, the global recycling rate for copper scrap amounted to 35 percent. 
 The statistic shows the total costs of terrorism worldwide from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the total costs from terrorism amounted to 33 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Oakland Athletics games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 24.30 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic represents the growth rate of global cumulative installed wind power capacity from 2017 through 2022. In 2022, cumulative wind power capacity installations are expected to grow by around 8.8 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Philadelphia Phillies from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Philadelphia Phillies was 33,671. • Philadelphia Phillies total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 The statistic shows a forecast for the global printer hardware shipments from 2007 to 2015. In 2007, the global printer hardware shipments amounted to 139 million. In 2015, the shipments are projected to amount to 128 million units. 
 This statistic displays the volume of used car sales in selected European countries in 2013, per thousand population. The United Kingdom (UK) is the biggest used car market among the displayed countries, handling approximately eight percent more used cars than Sweden in 2013. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Kazakhstan from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Kazakhstan's gross domestic product amounted to around 172.94 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average sales per unit of KFC in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, KFC's average sales per unit reached 1,210 thousand U.S. dollars. Kentucky Fried Chicken Kentucky Fried Chicken (KFC) is a US-American fast food chain headquartered in Louisville, Kentucky. The limited-service restaurant chain was originally founded by Harland Sanders and specializes in chicken. KFC is currently owned by Yum! Brands, which also owns the quick-service restaurant chains Taco Bell and Pizza Hut. In 2018, there were more than 22 thousand Kentucky Fried Chicken restaurants in operation worldwide, spread out over 120 countries.The company’s most important foreign market is China where KFC operates nearly 5,000 restaurants. Kentucky Fried Chicken’s parent company Yum! Brands does not report revenue figures for its individual brands but only companywide revenues, which was 5.69 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The Quick Service Restaurant Magazine though reports in its 2018 QSR 50 that KFC had systemwide sales of about 4.4 billion U.S. dollars in the United States. Milward Brown Optimor ascribes the Kentucky Fried Chicken brand a value of over 15 billion U.S. dollars. In comparison, McDonald’s brand value was at more than 126 billion U.S. dollars, Starbucks’ at over 44 billion U.S. dollars and the Subway brand was assessed at nearly 19 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows data on the development of the daily television consumption in Germany from 1997 to 2019. In 2019, the average German television spent 211 minutes watching TV every day. Compared to 1997, this was an increase of 28 minutes. 
 This statistic illustrates the total number of passengers uplifted by TUI Airways Ltd in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2008 to 2018. In October 2017, Thomson Airways Ltd was officially rebranded as TUI Airways Ltd. During the period of consideration, the peak in passenger numbers was recorded in 2008, at approximately 12.2 million. Between 2008 and 2014, this value slowly decreased to roughly 10.3 million passengers. The following years, the number of passengers rose again, reaching 11.2 million in 2018. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Portland Trail Blazers franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2020. In 2020, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.85 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Indonesia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Indonesia amounted to about 16.64 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of household in the United States with dial-up internet connection usage in November 2017, by state. During the survey period, it was found that 1.83 percent of the household population in Colorado used a dial-up connection to access the internet at home. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Baltimore Ravens games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was 103.59 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Uruguay from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Uruguay amounted to about 7.61 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic represents the capacity factor of nuclear power plants in the United States between 1975 and 2018. In 2018, the capacity factor of U.S. nuclear power plants stood at around 92.6 percent. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Chicago White Sox from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 272 million U.S. dollars.The Chicago White Sox are owned by Jerry Reinsdorf, who bought the franchise for 20 million U.S. dollars in 1981. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Tampa Bay Buccaneers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 82.59 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to the gross domestic product (GDP) in Mexico from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Mexico amounted to 25.67 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Liberia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Liberia amounted to about 23.55 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the New Orleans Saints from the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value amounted to about 2.3 billion U.S. dollars. Since 1985, the New Orleans Saints have been owned by Gayle Benson, wife of the late Thomas Benson, who bought the franchise for 70.2 million U.S. dollars in 1985. 
 The statistic shows the average price of calcined gypsum on a free-on board (FOB) plant basis in the United States between 2007 and 2019. In 2019, the average FOB plant price for this construction material was around 32 US dollars per metric ton. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Milwaukee Bucks games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 46.03 U.S. dollars. 
 The timeline presents data on the net income generated by Twenty First Century Fox in the fiscal years 2011 to 2018. In the fiscal year 2018, the company generated 4.76 billion US dollars, up from 3.23 a year earlier.21st Century Fox consists of News Corporations's former TV and film divisions. It split from the News Corp. in June 2013. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Senegal from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Senegal amounted to about 0.47 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Nebraska from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 11 percent of Nebraska's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Wendy's restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. Wendy's had an ACSI score of 77 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. In 2018, there were nearly five and a half thousand franchised and around 350 company-owned Wendy's restaurants in the U.S. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Spain from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Spain was at about 2.5 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the average annual wages in Austria from 2000 to 2018. Over this period, the annual average rose to its peak to an approximate total of 43.5 thousand euros in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Nova Scotia from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Nova Scotia's GDP was about 36.66 billion Canadian dollars. 
 This statistic shows the annual growth rate of the global cosmetics market from 2004 to 2018. In 2018, the global cosmetics market grew by an estimated 5.5 percent compared to the previous sales year. Global Cosmetics Market Since the early twentieth century, the production of cosmetics has been controlled by a handful of multi-national corporations. The global cosmetics industry is broken down into six main categories; skin care being the largest one out of them all, accounting for 36.4 percent of the global market in 2016. In recent years, consumers have been spending higher levels of disposable income on cosmetics than they had in the past. Unfortunately, the global financial crisis has put a damper on the market and during those years, more affordably priced merchandise and do it yourself at home products were key in the beauty market. However, in recent years as Generation Y has really entered the job market, they have become a big driver of the cosmetics market; especially in the United States. The United States is the biggest cosmetic market in the world, with an estimated total revenue of about 62.46 billion U.S. dollars and employing about 63,816 people by 2016. In the coming years, global cosmetic companies will continue to focus their efforts on product innovation in order to attract new consumers and keep existing consumers loyal to specific brands. 
 This statistic depicts the per capita consumption of fresh watermelons in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh watermelons amounted to approximately 15.7 pounds in 2018. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Virgin Active company from 2012 to 2014. In 2014, the health club chain generated a revenue of 1051.17 million U.S. dollars. In 2013, the UK based company operated 270 clubs. 
 This statistic shows the predicted year on year change in household consumption in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2018 to 2023. The forecast predicts a steady and slight increase throughout the entire period, by 0.1 percent. The only decrease is expected to happen between 2018 and 2019, by a decline of 0.1 percentage of change. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Iraq from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Iraqi population was 20 years. 
 Does it always rain in Belgium? In some weeks that may seem to be the case, but in the last decade Belgium actually counted between 180 and 212 rain days a year. And in none of these years, the annual rainfall surpassed the thousand millimeters. Rainfall peaked in 2016, at roughly 940 millimeters. In 2015 however, rainfall had only been 737 millimeters – the lowest rainfall in the period considered here. Belgium’s maritime climate Belgium has a temperate maritime climate, with cool summers and moderate winters. In the 2006-2016 period, the average temperature in the country was between 9.7 and 11.9 degrees Celsius. 2014 was the warmest year in the past decade, with an average temperature of nearly 12 degrees. The Belgian winter Next to a large number of rain days, Belgium’s average winter usually counts a number of frost days as well, when temperatures drop below zero. In 2010, there were nearly 75 such days. By comparison, 2014 had just ten frost days. That year, there was just one ice day, defined as a day in which the maximum temperature during the day is below the freezing point as well. In 2016, there were two ice days in Belgium. 
 The statistic shows the inflation rate in India from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. The inflation rate is calculated using the price increase of a defined product basket. This product basket contains products and services, on which the average consumer spends money throughout the year. They include expenses for groceries, clothes, rent, power, telecommunications, recreational activities and raw materials (e.g. gas, oil), as well as federal fees and taxes. In 2018, the inflation rate in India was around 3.43 percent compared to the previous year. See figures on India's economic growth for additional information. India's inflation rate and economy Inflation is generally defined as the increase of prices of goods and services over a certain period of time, as opposed to deflation, which describes a decrease of these prices. Inflation is a significant economic indicator for a country. The inflation rate is the rate at which the general rise in the level of prices, goods and services in an economy occurs and how it affects the cost of living of those living in a particular country. It influences the interest rates paid on savings and mortgage rates but also has a bearing on levels of state pensions and benefits received. A 4 percent increase in the rate of inflation in 2011 for example would mean an individual would need to spend 4 percent more on the goods he was purchasing than he would have done in 2010. India’s inflation rate has been on the rise over the last decade. However, it has been decreasing slightly since 2010. India’s economy, however, has been doing quite well, with its GDP increasing steadily for years, and its national debt decreasing. The budget balance in relation to GDP is not looking too good, with the state deficit amounting to more than 9 percent of GDP. 
 The statistic shows the total U.S. energy-related carbon dioxide emissions between 1975 and 2018. In 2018, around 5.27 billion metric tons of CO2 emissions were produced from energy consumption in the United States. In 2015, around 34.8 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide was emitted globally. U.S. carbon dioxide emissions from energy consumption The year 1997 marked the birth of the Kyoto Protocol. That year, global energy-related CO2 emissions stood at around 24.4 billion metric tons. Despite numerous assurances by policymakers to undertake efforts to reduce pollution, this figure increased to more than 36 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide in 2017. North America and the Asia Pacific regions are presently the biggest producers of carbon dioxide emissions as a result of a growing thirst for energy derived from fossil fuels such as oil, natural gas and coal. China is currently the most polluting country in the world , with a 28.2 percent share of global CO2 emissions in 2016. A comparative analysis between CO2 levels in 1993 and those in 2003 shows that emission levels in China have more than tripled in a span of ten years. According to a recent forecast, energy-related global CO2 emissions from the consumption of coal, natural gas and liquid fuels are set to rise to unprecedented levels through 2040, while U.S. CO2 emissions produced by the use of natural gas are set to grow from 1.2 billion metric tons of CO2 equivalent in 2010 to 1.84 billion metric tons in 2040. In 2014, in Lima, Peru, negotiations were held regarding a post-Kyoto legal framework forcing major polluters, including China, India, and the United States, to pay for CO2 emissions. Although most countries refused to ratify this latter treaty, there has been a worldwide commitment towards so called “green energy.” Global renewable energy consumption soared from 44.4 million metric tons of oil equivalent in 1998 to 420 million metric tons of oil equivalent in 2016. International investments in renewable energy sources increased six-fold, as the world has invested more than 241.6 billion U.S. dollars in alternative energy sources and technologies as of 2016. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Oakland Raiders from the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value amounted to around 2.9 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total rate of Malaysian tertiary students studying abroad from 2005 to 2012. In 2012, approximately 5.43 percent of Malaysian students were attending tertiary education overseas. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores of Pizza Hut restaurants in the United States from 2000 to 2019. Pizza Hut's ACSI score was 80 in 2019.The limited-service restaurant industry was not measured in 2004. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Belgium from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Belgian population was 41.3 years. 
 This statistic shows the number of Walmart stores operating in Brazil from 2012 to 2018. Figures include retail stores, wholesale clubs, drugstores and convenience stores. In 2018, Walmart had a total of 465 stores in Brazil. 
 This statistic shows the national debt of the Netherlands from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt in the Netherlands was around 466 billion U.S. dollars. For comparison, the Greek debt amounted to approximately 375 billion U.S. dollars that same year. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Haiti from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Haiti's gross domestic product amounted to around 9.66 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total butter production in the United States from 2004 to 2018. In 2018, about 1.89 billion pounds of butter were manufactured in the United States, up from 1.35 billion pounds in 2005. 
 This statistic shows the value of merger and acquisition transactions in the United States healthcare and life sciences industry from 2009 to 2019 YTD. In 2016, aggregate transactions totaled some 278 billion U.S. dollars. M&A transactions provide investors with an exit strategy from smaller and private companies. These companies can also gain a broader market, revenue growth, and sale resources through its new larger management company. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Singapore from 2014 to 2019, with projections up until 2024. In 2019, government expenditure in Singapore amounted to about 14.32 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 This statistic gives information on B2C e-commerce sales as percentage of the gross domestic product in China from 2009 to 2018. In 2013, B2C e-commerce accounted for 1.08 percent of the GDP in China. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Los Angeles Chargers games in the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 165.77 U.S. dollars. 
 Germany was, just like in 2018, also in 2019 the European country with the highest number of skiing participants, with approximately 14.6 million Germans skiing. When considering the total population, the share of people who ski in European countries was the highest in Liechtenstein and Austria with 36 percent of population taking part in the sport. The UK: A tradition of snowsport Established in 1903 and with over 28,000 members on the books, The Ski Club is the largest and oldest snowsports membership organisation in the UK. The turnover of the organization has grown in the past several years, reaching nearly six million British pounds in 2018. In the same year, it registered gross profit of approximately roughly 1.1 million British pounds. Off piste Freshtracks holidays were most popular among skiers. In 2018, a total of 1,365 skiers choosing off piste Freshtrack holidays from Ski Club Great Britain, which was a much higher number than than for example those that chose touring, tailormade or action skiing. As of 2019, roughly 44 percent of ski resorts were located in the Alps. 
 This statistic shows the U.S. birth rate among teenagers and young adult women, aged 15-19 years, between 1991 and 2018. In 2018, the teenage birth rate within this age group stood at 17.4 births per every thousand women. Teenage pregnancy and birth Teenage pregnancy and births are related to a number of negative outcomes. Babies born to teenage mothers are more likely to be premature and have a low birth weight, and teen mothers often experience gestational hypertension and anemia. Additionally, there are significant adverse effects on socioeconomic and educational outcomes for teenage parents. In the U.S., publicly funded family planning clinics provide services for adolescents at low and no-cost rates. During 2016, these clinics helped to avert over a combined 900,000 pregnancies, births, and abortions amongst teens in the United States. Contraceptive use among teens Since 1990, teenage pregnancy rates among 15 to 19-year olds in the U.S. have decreased, as the use of contraception has increased for both male and female adolescents. The most popular method of avoiding pregnancy among female adolescents is condoms, followed by withdrawal and the birth control pill. 
 The statistic shows the budget balance in India from 2014 to 2018 in relation to the gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the state deficit of India amounted to about 6.4 percent of gross domestic product. See GDP of India for additional information. 
 This statistic shows the producer price index of concrete products in the United States between 1990 and 2018. These products had an index of 263.7 in 2018, compared with 100 in 1982. Concrete is an aggregate which contains cement and other materials. 
 This statistic shows public sector expenditure on unemployment benefits in the United Kingdom from 2013/14 to 2018/19. The expenditure on unemployment benefits has continuously decreased during this period. In 2018/19, this expenditure totalled approximately 1.7 billion British pounds. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Sudan from 1984 to 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Sudan's estimated gross domestic product amounted to around 34.28 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic displays Google's net income from 2001 through 2015. In the most recently reported period, the internet company's net income amounted to 16.35 billion US dollars, up from 12.92 billion US dollars in 2013. That year, Google's revenue came to 66 billion US dollars. Since parent company Alphabet discontinued reporting a separate net income for Google, interested parties only have the operating income to go by. Google's 2016 operating income amounted to 27.89 billion U.S. dollars in 2016, up from 23.32 billion U.S. dollars in the preceding fiscal period. 
 This statistic shows the number of Asian families with a female householder and no spouse present in the U.S. from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, there were about 597,000 Asian families with a single mother living in the United States. 
 This statistic illustrates the mortgage market share of the United Kingdom (UK) based Nationwide Building Society from 2011 to 2019. It can be seen that Nationwide increased its share of the mortgage market overall during the period under observation, reaching a share of 13.4 percent as of the year ending April 2019. The smallest mortgage market share for Nationwide was found in 2011, when a market share of 10.4 percent was recorded. 
 The statistic depicts the total production value of office furniture manufacturers located in the United States to all locations in the world from 1991 to 2015. The total production value amounted to 10.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. Office furniture industry in the United StatesThe US office furniture industry dates back to the 1800’s. With the invention of the telephone it became efficient for companies to have their manufacturing and administrative work separated, giving birth to the modern-day office. The office furniture industry produces a wide range of office furniture, including bookcases, cabinets, chairs, desks and filing cabinets. It also manufactures office and store fixtures, such as cafeteria countertops (except kitchen and bathroom), furniture parts and partitions.Low business sentiment and high unemployment drastically affected the industry during the recession, as demand for office furniture remained low. Rising import penetration from China also hurt industry revenue since the country is able to produce goods at much lower costs. Nevertheless, with the improved job market, demand will slowly rise, spurring growth for office furniture manufacturersCustomers have turned to the manufacturers for new solutions as worker habits have changed, given the technological advancements and the rapid adoption of smartphones and other mobile devices. That has meant office furniture makers have had to rethink their product portfolios and provide more flexible options than the cubicle walls they've sold for the past four decades. 
 This statistic shows the total assets of the Bank of China from 2010 to 2018. In 2018, the Bank of China generated total assets worth approximately 21.27 trillion yuan. 
 This graph shows the number of active duty U.S. Army personnel from 1995 to 2018. In 2018, there were 471,990 active duty U.S. Army members, as compared to 479,026 in 2000. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Cambodia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 23.39 percent of Cambodia's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows the share of Facebook's mobile advertising revenue from 2012 to 2018. In 2018, 92 percent of the social network's advertising revenues were generated via mobile, up from 88 percent in the previous year. This translates to over 50 billion U.S. dollars in annual mobile ad revenues. Facebook's mobile advertising revenue – additional information Founded in 2004 by then-Harvard student Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook is the largest social network in the world with more than two billion active users. In 2018, the social network amounted 55.8 billion U.S. dollars in revenue. From this total, about 55 billion U.S. dollars were generated from advertising, as the social network’s business model heavily relies on this revenue stream. Facebook generated, per user, an average of 24.96 U.S. dollars in advertising revenue in 2018, a figure considerably higher than the ones from the previous years. For instance, in 2012, Facebook's annualized revenue per user stood at 5.32 U.S. dollars. The U.S. and Canada are two of the most important markets for the social network, as Facebook’s average revenue per user in these countries stood above the global average in 2018. In terms of advertising platforms, the shift from desktop advertising to mobile advertising is no longer a promise; it is a reality for Facebook. Mobile advertising has aggressively increased its share of Facebook’s total advertising revenue in the last few years, going from 11 percent in 2012 to 92 percent in 2018. An estimated of 34.35 billion U.S. dollars were generated in revenue from Facebook mobile advertising in 2016. These figures are expected to continue to grow in the coming years, with projections to pass the 60 billion U.S. dollars mark for the first time in 2021. According to forecasts, mobile sponsored stories ads is estimated to account for about half of this revenue; the social network's global mobile sponsored stories ad revenue is projected to reach almost 31 billion U.S. dollars by 2021. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Switzerland from 1984 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. GDP refers to the total market value of all goods and services that are produced within a country per year. It is an important indicator of the economic strength of a country. In 2017, GDP in Switzerland amounted to around 680.03 billion US dollars. Economy and gross domestic product of Switzerland Switzerland’s gross domestic product has hardly been affected by the global economic crisis of 2008, if anything, figures have been increasing steadily. After a brief stint in the negative range in 2009, gross domestic product / GDP growth in Switzerland has been positive every year, with 2010 marking the most successful year since the crisis. Switzerland’s share in global GDP (adjusted for Purchasing Power Parity) however, has been declining continually for the past decade. All in all, Switzerland is a fairly wealthy country with a stable economy. This is reflected in its employment figures and national debt, as well as the abovementioned fact that Switzerland remained largely unaffected by the economic crisis. Additionally, Switzerland was first on a ranking of countries with the highest wealth per adult, with an average national wealth of more than 540 million US dollars per Swiss adult. Subsequently, Switzerland is also one of the leading countries with the highest rate of millionaires, which is probably due to Switzerland’s unequaled low tax rates. Switzerland’s economy is said to be highly competitive, its most important sector is manufacturing, with numerous large corporations being headquartered in the country. Main exports include chemicals, as well as precision watches and instruments. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Houston Texans from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Houston Texans was 71,793. 
 The statistic shows Germany's budget balance in relation to GDP between 2014 and 2018, with projections up until 2024. A positive value indicates a budget surplus, a negative value indicates a deficit. In 2018, Germany's budget surplus amounted to around 1.87 percent of GDP. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product growth rate in Canada from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Canada’s real GDP growth was around 1.88 percent compared to the previous year.Economy of Canada As an indicator for the shape of a country’s economy, there are not many factors as telling as GDP. GDP is the total market value of all final goods and services that have been produced within a country within a given period of time, usually a year. Real GDP figures serve as an even more reliable tool in determining the direction in which a country’s economy may be swaying, as they are adjusted for inflation and reflect real price changes. Canada is one of the largest economies in the world and is counted among the globe’s wealthiest nations. It has a relatively small labor force in comparison to some of the world’s other largest economic powers, amounting to just under 19 million. Unemployment in Canada has remained relatively high as the country has battled against the tide of economic woe that swept across the majority of the world after the 2008 financial meltdown, and although moving in the right direction, there is still some way to go for Canada. Canada is among the leading trading nations worldwide, owing to the absolutely vast supplies of natural resources, which make up a key part of the Canadian trading relationship with the United States, the country with which Canada trades by far the most. In recent years, around three quarters of Canadian exports went to the United States and just over half of its imports came from its neighbor to the south. The relationship is very much mutually beneficial; Canada is the leading foreign energy supplier to the United States. 
 weden’s gross domestic product declined between 2008 and 2009, and then increased annually until 2018. The dip in 2009 was caused by the financial crisis in 2008. The decline in growth rate was 5.2 percent, compared to the previous year, which was the largest fall in the GDP growth rate in Sweden since the Second World War. Household consumption affects the GDP There are many factors affecting the gross domestic product of a country, and the household consumption is one important factor. The household consumption is regulated by the level of employment in the country, and the economics of the households. During the period from 2011 to 2017, both the level of employment and the annual household disposable income increased, which in turn generated a higher household consumption. Export of goods Another important factor influencing Sweden’s GDP is the export of services and goods. The export of services increased quicker than the exports of goods for several years, but the export of goods are still larger than the export of services. The commodity with the largest exported value in 2017 was machinery and transport equipment, which was valued at around 528 billion Swedish kronor. 
 This statistic shows the share of adults in the United States who identify as lesbian, gay, bisexual, or transgender from 2012 to 2017. In 2012, 3.5 percent of adults surveyed stated they identify as LGBT, while in 2017, 4.5 percent of respondents said the same. 
 This statistic shows small business owners' responses to a survey question asked from 2010 to 2017, about increases in business revenue. In 2017, 38 percent of small business owners surveyed said revenue had increased in the last year. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Argentina from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 91.87 percent of Argentina's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Bhutan from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Bhutan amounted to approximately 2.19 percent. 
 The statistic shows the projected internet usage penetration among the population in the United States from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 84.1 percent of the total U.S. population accessed the internet from anywhere via any device. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Swaziland, officially the Kingdom of Eswatini, from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Swaziland amounted to about 4.83 percent compared to the previous year. 
 In 2018, England was the leader in number of official golf courses in Europe with 1,888 out of 6,859 golf courses. Second and third come Germany and France with 730 and 607 official golf courses. The number of official golf courses in England is in decline. From 2014 to 2017 the number of official golf courses in England decreased from 1,929 to 1,888. This is in line with the slight decline in golf participation in England but also in Europe entirely from approximately 4.44 million registered golfers in 2010 to roughly 4.14 million in 2018. More people participate in golf than in tennis. In 2018, approximately 946 thousand people participated in golf at least twice a month in England. In comparison, approximately 840 thousand people participated in tennis. The most popular sport in the same year was running. Approximately 6.83 people participated in running in England. 
 This statistic shows the per capita consumption of fresh grapes in the United States from 2000 to 2018. According to the report, the U.S. per capita consumption of fresh grapes amounted to approximately 1.56 pounds in 2018. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Serbia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Serbian population was 40.5 years. 
 lululemon, the Canadian athletic apparel company, operated 64 stores across Canada in 2018. The number of stores has gradually risen over the survey period from 45 in 2013. lululemon origins Lululemon was founded in Vancouver in 1998 by Chip Wilson. Originally operating as a design and yoga studio, the company opened its first standalone store in 2000, selling yoga-inspired athletic apparel for both men and women. The company now sells its athletic product range in stores around the world and online. Despite originating in Canada, lululemon athletica now operates most of its stores within the United States. Company growthLululemon’s net revenue has witnessed steady growth over the past years. In 2018, their worldwide revenue reached approximately 3.29 billion U.S. dollars, almost a ten-fold increase since 2008. Around 90 percent of lululemon’s global revenue from 2018 was generated in North America, leaving around ten percent from stores and online purchases from the rest of the world. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Hungary from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Hungary was at approximately 3.46 percent. 
 This timeline shows online shopping transaction volume in South Korea from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the online shopping transactions totaled more than 113 trillion South Korean won, up from around 92 trillion won in the previous year. 
 In 2018 the population of the United Kingdom was estimated to be approximately 66.4 million. Compared with 1971 there has been a net increase of over 10.5 million people, with the UK population surpassing the 60 million mark in the year 2005. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Tanzania from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 33.78 percent of Tanzania's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 According to recent data, the rate of reported cases of chancroids in the U.S. has dropped to very few cases in recent years. There has been a significant decline in recent history with a high rate occurring of almost 3.3 cases per 100,000 people in 1950. Chancroids are a sexually transmitted infection (STI) caused by a bacterium and classified by genital ulcers. Sexually Transmitted Infections in the U.S. Recent data suggests that there are as few as 3 cases of chancroids in the U.S. annually. The number of chancroid cases has also been declining globally. Other STIs, such as syphilis have similarly been decreasing in the U.S. in modern history. However there are other STIs that are more common in the U.S. For example, the rate of chlamydia cases has increased dramatically in recent years.STI Prevention Some STIs are preventable through vaccination and condoms. A survey from 2018 indicated that just over half of U.S. female teenagers were up to date on their human papillomavirus vaccinations. Condoms, while known for their effectiveness in preventing sexually transmitted infections, are not used as frequently as public health officials would like. When U.S. male adults were asked about their usage of condoms in their last sexual encounter, less than half indicated that they had used a male condom. 
 In 2017, e-books accounted for 19 percent of all book sales in the United States, three percent less than in the previous year. This is due to e-book unit sales dropping from 180 million in 2016 to 162 million in 2017. In the latter year, the top-selling e-book was 'The Handmaid's Tale' by Margaret Atwood, a novel which has seen become a highly popular and successful TV series. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in the United Arab Emirates from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 86.52 percent of United Arab Emirates' total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Jamaica from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Jamaica was at about 12.4 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Indianapolis Colts from 2008 to 2019. In 2019, the average attendance at home games of the Indianapolis Colts was 61,110. 
 This statistic shows the smartphone penetration as share of the population in the United States from 2010 to 2021. In 2018, 69.6 percent of the U.S. population used a smartphone. Smartphone penetration in the U.S. - additional information Almost two-thirds of Americans are predicted to own a smartphone by 2017, more than a threefold increase since 2010. A smartphone is a mobile phone that uses an identifiable open Operating System (OS) and has more advanced computing capability and connectivity than a basic phone. The OS is supported by third party applications (commonly known as apps) written by the developer community. The operating system must be able to support a multitasking environment and user interface that can handle multiple applications at the same time. Two of the most popular operating systems on the market are made by Google (Android) and Apple (iOS) who had a combined stake of over 90 percent of the smartphone market share worldwide at the end of 2016. The popularity of the smartphone has risen immensely since Apple introduced its first iPhone in 2007, with 43.5 percent of all Americans forecast to own an iPhone by 2016. The first iPhone was notably different from other smartphones at the time because it used a large touchscreen for direct finger input, rather than the need for a stylus, keypad, or keyboard. The first smartphone to use the Android OS was the HTC Dream released in 2008. Although numbers of people using this OS were low at first, it has since grown to be the most used operating system, with an estimated 107.7 million Americans projected to own an Android phone by 2016. 
 This statistic shows the value of Scottish imports from the rest of the United Kingdom from 2000 to 2018. With the exception of 2001, 2010 and 2014, the value of UK imports has increased from 34.08 million in 2000 to approximately 64 million by 2018. 
 The statistic shows the ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) in Nigeria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, government expenditure in Nigeria amounted to about 13.04 percent of the country's gross domestic product. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Madagascar from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Madagascar amounted to about 7.29 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Indonesia from 2017 to 2027. In 2017, 72.5 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 100.4 million mobile phone internet users. 
 This statistic shows the 2014 ranking of the top 10 price comparison sites used by online buyers in Spain. Booking and Trivago were ranked first and second with 13 percent and 12.9 percent respectively. The search of lodging has consolidated as the main purpose for Spanish users. 
 The statistic above presents data on the annual ticket sales at the North American box office from 2001 to 2018. In 2005, 1.38 billion tickets were sold at movie theaters in the U.S. and Canada. The figure stood at just over 1.3 billion tickets in 2018. 
 The timeline shows the total value of international U.S. exports of goods and services from 2000 to 2019. In 2019, the total value of international U.S. exports of goods and services amounted to 2.5 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Iraq from 2004 to 2024. All figures have been estimated. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2018, the estimated GDP per capita in Iraq amounted to around 5,881.52 U.S. dollars. 
 A geographic analysis of the audience found that China accounted for 37.7 percent of internet users in Asia as of June 2018, followed by India with 25.4 percent. China's internet penetration reached 58.4 percent in that year. 
 This statistic shows the West Texas Intermediate oil price from 1976 to 2020, in U.S. dollars per barrel. In 2020, the preliminary average annual price of one barrel of West Texas Intermediate crude oil was 57.52 U.S. dollars. WTI is a relatively light crude oil, also called Texas light sweet. It is used as a benchmark for oil pricing. Prices of West Texas Intermediate are often listed in oil price reports, alongside other important oil markers, like UK Brent or the OPEC basket. Price of West Texas Intermediate crude oil WTI is a grade of crude oil also known as “Texas light sweet.” It is measured to have an API gravity of around 39.6 and specific gravity of about 0.83, which is considered “light” relative to other crude oils. This oil also contains roughly 0.24 percent sulfur, and is therefore named “sweet.” WTI is used as an oil pricing benchmark. WTI crude oil is also the underlying commodity of the Chicago Mercantile Exchange’s oil futures contracts. The price of other crude oils, such as UK Brent crude oil, the OPEC crude oil basket, and Dubai Fateh oil, can be compared to that of WTI crude oil. Since 1976, the price of WTI crude oil has increased dramatically, rising from just 12.23 U.S. dollar per barrel in 1976 to a peak of 99.06 dollars per barrel in 2008. The price per barrel in March 2016 was a monthly average of 33.18 U.S. dollars. The price of WTI is volatile, as a timeline of the monthly price development of West Texas Intermediate crude oil shows. The price of oil is controlled in part by limiting oil production. Prior to 1971, the Texas Railroad Commission controlled the price of oil by setting limits on production of U.S. oil. In 1971, the Texas Railroad Commission ceased limiting production, but OPEC, the Organization of Petroleum Exporting Countries with member states Iran, Iraq, Kuwait, Saudi Arabia, and Venezuela among others, continued to do so. In 1972, due to geopolitical conflict, OPEC set an oil embargo and cut oil production, causing prices to quadruple by 1974. Oil prices rose again in 1979 and 1980 due to the Iranian revolution, and doubled between 1978 and 1981 as the Iran-Iraq War prevented oil production. A number of geopolitical conflicts and periods of increased production and consumption have influenced the price of oil since the 1980s. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Colorado from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 9.6 percent of Colorado's population lived below the poverty line. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Cincinnati Reds from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 257 million U.S. dollars.The Cincinnati Reds are owned by Robert Castellini, who bought the franchise for 270 million U.S. dollars in 2006. 
 The statistic shows the number of kidnappings due to terrorism from 2007 to 2018. In 2018, a total number of 3,534 people were kidnapped as a result of terrorism. 
 The statistic depicts the total capital spending in the global semiconductor industry from 2010 to 2016 and shows a forecast through to 2020. In 2016, global semiconductor capital spending amounted to 70.57 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Nepal from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, about 19.74 percent of the total population in Nepal lived in cities. 
 Between 2009 and 2019, the population of Maastricht increased, from just over 118,000 to roughly 121,600 inhabitants. This was just over ten percent of the total number of people living in the Limburg province, of which Maastricht is the capital. In 2019, Limburg’s population amounted to roughly 1.1 million inhabitants, making it the seventh province in the country based on population size. Largest cities in the Netherlands Although a sizable city for Dutch standards, Maastricht was not among the ten largest cities in the Netherlands in 2019. The capital of the Netherlands, Amsterdam, is the largest city in the country, with roughly 863,000 inhabitants, followed by Rotterdam and The Hague. Utrecht, Eindhoven, Tilburg, Almere, Groningen, Breda and Nijmegen are all larger than Maastricht as well. Leading university for international students Outside of the Netherlands, Maastricht is well-known for its research university, which attracts students from all over the world. Maastricht University has the largest number of international students of all institutes in the Netherlands, numbering roughly 9,200 in 2018/2019. According to the most recent figures, over half of Maastricht University’s students had roots outside the Netherlands – more than any other university in the country. 
 The statistic shows digital camera sales value worldwide from 2011 to 2016. In 2015, the digital camera market had a size of 19 billion euros. 
 This graph depicts the franchise value of the Chicago Bears of the National Football League from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise value came to 3.5 billion U.S. dollars. The Chicago Bears are owned by the McCaskey family, who bought the franchise in 1920. 
 This graph depicts the total revenue generated worldwide from sports media rights from 2006 to 2010 and corresponding revenue forecasts for the years 2011 to 2015. In 2006, total revenues from media rights were 21.81 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in Serbia from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Serbia's gross domestic product amounted to around 50.51 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the household income of Hispanic families in the United States from 1990 to 2018. The median income in 2018 was at 51,450 U.S. dollars for Hispanic households. 
 This statistic shows the food and drink sales of cafeterias, grill-buffets and buffets in the United States from 2009 to 2017. Food and drink sales of cafeterias, grill-buffets and buffets in the U.S. were forecasted to reach 5.7 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the death rate for homicide in the U.S. from 1950 to 2017. In 1950, there were 5.1 deaths by homicide per 100,000 resident population in the United States. Homicides in the United States The term homicide is used when a human being is killed by another human being. Criminal homicide takes several forms, for example murder; but homicide is not always a crime, it also includes affirmative defense, insanity, self-defense or the execution of convicted criminals. Youth homicide is especially seen as a problem of urban areas, poverty, no adult supervision, involvement in drug and gang activities and school failure. Young men, aged 15-24 show the highest risk of being killed in the United States in 2008. There is a large difference between female and male 15-24 agers: about 20.1 male homicide deaths per 100,000 residents and 3.3 female homicide deaths per 100,000 residents were counted that year. Comparing regions around the world, Africa is the continent with the highest number of homicides in 2010. America is ranked second, with a homicide rate of 15.5 homicides per 100,000 of population. As of 2008, about 90 percent of homicide victims in the Unites States were male and only 10 percent of homicide victims were female. Whereas in Europe, about 27 percent of homicide victims were female and approximately 73 percent of homicide victims were male. 
 This statistic shows the American customer satisfaction index scores for Olive Garden restaurants in the United States from 2007 to 2019. In 2019, the ACSI for Olive Garden restaurants in the U.S. was 79, down from 80 the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the budget balance in Spain from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. A positive value indicates a state surplus; a negative value, a state deficit. In 2018, the state deficit of Spain was at around 29.98 billion euros. 
 In 2017/18, the average number of dairy cows, otherwise known as the ‘national dairy herd’ size in the United Kingdom was approximately 1.9 million animals. The last three years have broken a downward trend that lasted from 2002/03 to 2013/14. However, the current herd size is still more than 300 thousand animals smaller than it was in 2002/03. UK milk production The modern dairy cow is especially bred for milk production. Even though the UK dairy herd in 2002/03 was bigger than the current herd, the current milk production surpasses the one in 2002/03 by a few hundred million liters of milk. This is reflected in an increased average milk yield per cow in the UK. UK Cheese productionCheese production in the UK is up. The last 4 years has consistently surpassed 400 thousand metric tons, amounting to 455 thousand tons in 2017/2018. By far the biggest attributor to UK production is cheddar cheese. Here we can see again a significant increase in the production in the last four years. 
 The Nordic countries, except Denmark, have strong restrictions on the sales of alcoholic beverages. In Norway, the government-owned alcohol retailer Vinmonopolet is the only company that can sell beverages containing an alcohol content higher than 4.75 percent. In recent years, the consumption of alcohol in Norway decreased, and in 2018, the per capita consumption of alcohol amounted to a volume of nearly 83 liters. Per capita consumption of beer Individuals aged 18 years and older are allowed to purchase beer in Norway. Though the consumption of alcohol decreased in the past years, the volume of beer consumed in the country remained stable from 2008 to 2017. By the end of this period, the amount of beer consumed per person was 50 liters. Retail beer (alcohol content of 3.7 to 4.7 percent) was most popular among Norwegians as the consumption volume reached a total of roughly 233 million liters in 2018. Per capita consumption of spirits In selected years from 1950 to 2017, the average volume of spirits consumed per capita in Norway overall decreased. It was lowest from 2015 to 2017, when the consumption volume was 2.6 liters per person. The legal drinking and purchasing age for beverages with an alcohol content higher than 22 percent is 20 years and older. 
 This statistic gives information on the mobile internet penetration in Japan from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, about 52 percent of the population in Japan accessed the internet from their mobile device. This figure is expected to grow to 57 percent in 2023. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Thailand from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 26.5 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 32.4 million mobile phone internet users. 
 This statistic shows the global revenue of the over-the-counter and nutritionals market from 2013 to 2021. In 2018, the global revenue of the OTC and nutritionals market is estimated to generate about 143 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenues of Air Products and Chemicals from 2009 to 2019. Air Products and Chemicals, Inc. is a United States-based international corporation whose major business is selling gases and chemicals for industrial uses. In 2019, the company generated approximately 8.92 billion U.S. dollars of revenue. 
 This statistic displays the annual Alzheimer's disease mortality rate in the United States from 2000 to 2017. In 2017, the mortality rate due to Alzheimer's reached 37.3 deaths per 100,000 people. Scientists believe that early detection of Alzheimer's can be the best way to prevent or slow the course of the disease. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the World War II Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the World War II Memorial amounted to approximately 4.83 million in 2019. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Iran from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 74.9 percent of Iran's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows the growth rate of Australia’s real GDP from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, GDP in Australia grew by about 2.74 percent on the previous year.The recession-proof land down under GDP is one of the primary indicators used to gauge the state and health of a country’s economy. It is the total market value of all final goods and services that have been produced within a country in a given period of time, usually a year. GDP figures allow us to understand a country’s economy in a clear way. Real GDP, in a similar vein, is also a very useful indicator; this is a measurement that takes prices changes (inflation and deflation) into account, therefore acting as a key indicator for economic growth. The gross domestic product (GDP) growth rate in Australia has, for sometime, been able to get a steady foothold in the somewhat shaky post-recession world, shaky, but far from catastrophic. The annual growth rate between the 2008 and 2009 financial years, for example, a time at which the world was brought to its proverbial knees, saw growth rates down under reach to 2.49 and 1.37 percent respectively on the previous years, whereas the GDP growth rate in the United States plummeted well into the minus zone. Australia, like all other capitalist nations, is at the mercy of international markets, and when the world economy takes a hit, it would be foolish to suggest it could emerge fully unscathed. However, Australia has earned some much deserved praise and attention owing to the fact that it has managed to remain recession-free for the past twenty years. This could be thanks to its abundance of raw materials, the Australian mining boom, the fact the recession came at a time of high commodity prices and, maybe most importantly, that just under a third of its exports go to China. 
 This statistic represents the cement consumption growth in Western Europe from 2004 through 2019. Western Europe is estimated to consume around 1.1 percent more cement from 2015 to 2016. Cement is an important building material. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Israel from 2017 until 2023. In 2019, the number of Facebook users in Israel is expected to reach five million, up from 4.8 million in 2017. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) in South Sudan from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2017, South Sudan's gross domestic product amounted to around 3.44 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the value of the New Orleans Pelicans franchise of the National Basketball Association from 2003 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 1.22 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality in Japan from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality in Japan was at about 1.8 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows AstraZeneca's research & development expenditure as a percentage of its total revenue from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the company invested over 28 percent of its revenue into research and development. AstraZeneca plc is one of the top 10 pharmaceutical companies worldwide. The multinational company is headquartered in London, UK. AstraZeneca is focused on products for following major disease areas: cancer, cardiovascular, gastrointestinal, infection, neuroscience, respiratory and inflammation. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Israel from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the population of Israel was 30.2 years. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Canada from 1960 to 2018. In 2018, the GDP of Canada was 1.71 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the glass and glass product manufacturing gross output in the United States from 1998 to 2016. In 2016, the gross output in this sector came to around 26.7 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the trade volume of butter imported to the United States from 2013 to 2019. In 2019, butter imports to the U.S. came to 66 thousand metric tons. 
 This statistic shows outbound visitor growth in Africa from 2018 to 2022. In 2018, outbound visitor numbers from Africa grew by 6.1 percent over the previous year. The visitor number was forecast to grow by approximately four percent in 2022. 
 This statistic provides information on the penetration of Facebook in Vietnam from 2017 to 2023. In 2019, it is expected that 45 percent of the population in Vietnam will be also accessing the social network. 
 The statistic shows Japan's national debt from 2014 to 2017 in relation to gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2017, the national debt of Japan amounted to about 234.99 percent of the gross domestic product. An eye on Japan’s national debt Japan’s national debt ranks first among countries with the highest debt levels in the world, far surpassing the debt levels of Greece - which ranks number two - whose financial crisis has been in the spotlight recently. Italy is third, followed by Jamaica, Lebanon and Enritrea. Currently, Japan’s national debt amounts more than a thousand trillion yen and the country’s debt is predicted to keep rising for the foreseeable future, albeit only slightly. Japan’s national debt is not without consequence for the global economy, because the country claims the fourth-largest share in global gross domestic product. Therefore, the effects on the global economy would and could have a much greater global impact than that of a country such as Greece - considering its share of the global economy adjusted for purchase power parity was less than 0.29 percent in 2011. The debt levels of China, the United States and India should also be watched closely as they together make up the largest share of global GDP. At the moment, Japan’s inflation rate is among the lowest in the world, but as Japan attempts to reduce its national debt, this could change. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Syria from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Syria was at about 14 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows Saudi Arabia's ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Saudi Arabia's ratio of government expenditure to gross domestic product (GDP) amounted to 36.58 percent. 
 The statistic represents global energy-related carbon dioxide emissions between 1975 and 2019. Globally, 17.78 billion metric tons of carbon dioxide was emitted in relation to energy in 1980. Energy-related emissions stabilized in 2019 when emissions reached 33.3 billion metric tons, following two consecutive years of increases in greenhouse gas emissions. Global carbon dioxide emissions – additional informationIn 2016, carbon dioxide emissions from fuel combustion totaled some 32.3 billion metric tons. The volume of global energy-related carbon dioxide emissions has steadily risen over the last decade, from 28.7 billion metric tons in 2009 to 33.3 billion metric tons in 2019. However, the rate of increase has slowed down in the last few years, but has still reached a historic high in the last year. From 2013 to 2016, there had been evidence of a global decoupling of greenhouse gas emissions from economic growth. It has been suggested that the immense addition of new renewable energy capacity has been critical for reducing emissions growth. In the recent past, a decrease or relatively unchanged volume of emissions has only been seen during economically weak periods, such as during the 2009 recession. Both the United States and China, two of the largest emitters in the world, registered a decrease in carbon dioxide emissions in 2015. In China, a reduction in coal consumption has enabled an economic restructuring towards less energy-intensive industries and an emphasis on renewable resources. However, the decrease in emissions from these two countries was largely offset by other developing Asian countries and the Middle East, as well as increased emissions in Europe. Carbon dioxide emissions worldwide were primarily emitted by the Asia Pacific region, which reported more emissions in 2018 than North America (6.04 billion metric tons) and Europe (4.21 billion metric tons) combined. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Indianapolis Colts, franchise of the National Football League, from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Indianapolis Colts was 393 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the unit sales of alpine ski equipment in the U.S. snow sports market from the 2010/11 season to the 2015/16 season. In the 2015/16 season, around 2.56 million alpine ski equipment units were sold. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Chile from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 87.56 percent of Chile's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic presents the landings of the seafood industry in the United States in 2018, by state. According to the report, fish landings in Mississippi amounted to about 320.3 million pounds that year. 
 The statistic shows the net income of Swiss-based pharmaceutical company Roche from 2007 to 2019. Roche is one of the largest global pharmaceutical companies. In 2019, Roche reported approximately 14.1 billion Swiss francs of net income. 
 This statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) of Saskatchewan from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, Saskatchewan's GDP was 82.16 billion chained 2012 Canadian dollars. 
 This statistic shows the Cumulative value of games market mergers and acquisitions (M&A) worldwide from 2010 to 2016. In 2015, based on the values of disclosed transactions, the industry's M&A deals amounted to 4.36 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the youth unemployment rate in Indonesia from 1999 and 2019. According to the source, the data are ILO estimates. In 2019, the estimated youth unemployment rate in Indonesia was at 16.15 percent. 
 This graph depicts the total regular season home attendance of the Cleveland Browns franchise of the National Football League from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the regular season home attendance of the franchise was 539,448. 
 In 2018, Italian households spent approximately 51 billion euros on clothing. According to OECD data, from 2008 to 2018 the total consumption expenditure on clothing of Italian households fluctuated between 50 billion and 55 billion euros. Comparing this figure with the consumption expenditure in other European countries reveals the importance of this product category for Italians: French households, for example, spent in total only 36 billion euros on clothing in 2016. Clothing manufacturing is struggling in Italy Italy is home to some of the most famous fashion companies in the world. However, with the exception of the most successful brands, the clothing manufacturing sector appeared to be struggling in the last years. As a matter of fact, the number of Italian apparel manufacturing companies decreased steadily since 2011. Consequently, the number of people employed in the sector also experienced a significant decrease. Exports don’t suffer Italian clothes are appreciated abroad. Despite the stagnation on the domestic market, Italian clothing manufacturers are focusing on foreign markets: the value of clothes exported from Italy increased from 13.4 billion U.S. dollars in 2000 to 23.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. In particular, the most famous brands generate most of their revenues abroad. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Ecuador from 2014 to 2024. In 2018, the unemployment rate in Ecuador was at 3.69 percent. 
 The statistic depicts the operating income of the New York Yankees from 2002 to 2018. In 2018, the operating income of the New York Yankees franchise amounted to 29 million U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the revenue generated by HPE through their software division each year from 2008 to 2016. In 2016, the software division produced revenue of approximately 3.2 billion U.S. dollars. On September 1, 2017, HPE completed the separation and merger of software business segment with Micro Focus. 
 The statistic illustrates the global ultrabook shipments from 2011 to 2016. In 2011, there were 3.7 million ultrabooks shipped worldwide. Ultrabooks are forecast to account for 42.7 percent of global notebook PC shipments in 2015, up from just 1.8 percent in 2011. In 2012, Apple's Mac Book Air shipments will amount to 8.4 million devices. With estimated combined sales of 4.2 million ultrabooks in 2012, Hewlett-Packard and Lenovo aren't likely to come close to Apple. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Bahrain from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Bahrain was at approximately 0.97 percent. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Charlotte Hornets games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 29.10 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Bulgaria from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Bulgarian population was 43.4 years. 
 The graph presents the gender gap index in Peru from 2014 to 2018. In 2018, Peru scored 0.72, which shows a gender gap of approximately 28 percent (women are 28 percent less likely than men to have equal opportunities). That same year, the gender gap in the area of political empowerment in Peru amounted to 72 percent. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Bosnia & Herzegovina from 2004 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Bosnia & Herzegovina increased by about 1.42 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The statistic shows the value of smartphone sales in China from 2013 to Q1 2018. In Q1 2018, the revenue from smartphone sales in China amounted to 41.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This graph depicts the annual National Hockey League revenue of the Edmonton Oilers from the 2005/06 season to the 2018/19 season. The revenue of the Edmonton Oilers amounted to 154 million U.S. dollars in the 2018/19 season. 
 This statistic displays the proportion of individuals who currently smoke cigarettes, cigars, cigarillos or a pipe in selected European countries in 2017. In this period, Greece had the highest proportion of smokers in the EU with 37 percent. Cigarette prices differ across Europe: the most expensive country in which to purchase cigarettes is the United Kingdom (UK). Cigarette prices in Europe are driven by the respective taxes imposed within each of the member states and consist of a specific duty per 1,000 cigarettes and an ad valorem rate onto the recommended retail price, in addition to value added tax (VAT). Thus the highest rates of taxation are reflected in the retail prices. Similar rates of taxation between countries are also found for hand rolling tobacco, where the highest levels of taxation are found in the United Kingdom once again. Governments that impose such strong barriers to the purchasing of tobacco are considered 'nanny states', with high levels of control on other factors, such as advertising, bans of tobacco products on retail displays and graphic warnings on cigarette packs. 
 The statistic presents the total assets of the Bank of America from 2009 to 2018. In 2018, the total assets of the bank of America amounted to approximately 2.35 trillion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total population of the Ukraine from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the total population of the Ukraine amounted to approximately 42.04 million inhabitants. 
 The statistic shows the infant mortality rate in Malawi from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the infant mortality rate in Malawi was at about 35.3 deaths per 1,000 live births. 
 This statistic shows the total consumption of paper and board in the United States from 2006 to 2016. In 2015, the total consumption of paper and board in the United States amounted to 77.44 million tons. 
 The statistic shows the number of operable nuclear reactors as of June 2019, by country. In the United Kingdom, 15 nuclear power reactors were in operation as of this time. Operable nuclear reactors are those connected to the grid. Number of operable nuclear power plants by country In 1954, history was made when nuclear fission technology was approved for commercial purposes and the first nuclear power plant started operation in the Russian city of Obninsk. For the first time, it was possible to meet the demand of an increasingly energy-thirsty world – at a reasonable price, too. The new energy proved to be an extremely reliable and stable form of electricity. Since nuclear power plants are only shut down for refuelling every two years or so, they provide an around-the-clock “baseload” supply of power to the people. In nuclear fission, uranium atoms are split apart into lighter elements. Uranium is a radioactive metal that is extracted from mines, mainly in Kazakhstan, Canada and Australia. After the uranium splitting process, the used fuel elements are still radioactive and have to be stored in nuclear waste repositories or spent fuel pools. These sites are often underground and require thick metal or concrete walls to shield the public from radiation. In the past, several accidents at nuclear power plants - including Three Mile Island, Chernobyl and Fukushima -have shown just how dangerous radioactivity is, once it is released into the environment. Currently, there are 450 nuclear reactors in operation in some 30 countries around the world. One of the largest plants is situated in France, where about 70 percent of total electricity generation was derived from nuclear sources in 2018. In 2011, the alliance between General Electric and Hitachi was ranked as the third largest maker of nuclear reactors, behind France’s Areva and Russia-based Rosatom. The nuclear power plant market was sized at around 30 billion US dollars in 2011, and is expected to exceed 50 billion US dollars by 2030. In 2050, global nuclear power capacity is projected to reach 516 gigawatts. 
 This graph depicts the value of the Los Angeles Dodgers franchise of Major League Baseball from 2002 to 2019. In 2019, the franchise had an estimated value of 3.3 billion U.S. dollars.In March 2012, a group (Guggenheim Baseball Management) including former Los Angeles Lakers star Magic Johnson has agreed to buy the Los Angeles Dodgers franchise for two billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Myanmar, also known as Burma, from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age the population of Myanmar was 27.5 years. 
 The Banco Santander group saw a two-year increase in employment between 2016 and 2018 before dropping in 2019. There were approximately 187 thousand people employed by Banco Santander group globally in 2012. As of 2019 the total number of global employees at the Banco Santander group reached almost 199.5 thousand employees. Europe’s largest banks in employment The Banco Santander group is the fifth largest bank in Europe in terms of total assets. In 2018, Europe’s largest bank HSBC employed approximately 235 thousand employees worldwide. France’s largest bank, and Europe’s second largest bank (assets) BNP Paribas employed only slightly more staff than Banco Santander. Santander’s standings in Europe As of May 2019, the Spanish giant was the second largest bank in Europe for market capitalization, had the fourth highest market share in gross mortgage lending and in tier one capital. Banco Santander leads in Europe in terms of financing of FinTech companies as the company looks to be embracing digital start-ups and disruptors to lead the bank into a digital future. External links: 
 This statistic shows the fertility rate in Bangladesh from 2007 to 2017 The fertility rate is the average number of children borne by one woman while being of child-bearing age. In 2017, the fertility rate in Bangladesh amounted to 2.06 children per woman. 
 This statistic shows the rate of divorces per 1,000 population in Poland, as annual figures from 1995 to 2018. Divorces in Poland remained relatively stable in 2018 compared to the previous year, at 1.6 per 1,000 population. 
 This statistic shows the total value of cotton production in the U.S. from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the value of production stood at around 6.71 billion U.S. dollars. The United States were ranked as third leading cotton producing country worldwide in 2014/2015. 
 This statistic shows the worldwide spending for tennis sponsorship from 2010 to 2016. In the year 2013, the global tennis sponsorship spending amounted to 708 million U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the gross domestic product (GDP) in Belgium from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. Gross domestic product (GDP) denotes the aggregate value of all services and goods produced within a country in any given year. GDP is an important indicator of a country's economic power. In 2018, Belgium's gross domestic product had amounted to around 532.27 billion U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic presents the social networking reach in Indonesia from 2017 to 2023. In 2017, 28 percent of the population in the country accessed social media. In 2019, this share is projected to reach 32 percent. 
 This statistic shows the development of Georgia's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the real GDP of Georgia was about 522.42 billion U.S. dollars. The annual real GDP growth of the U.S. can be accessed here. 
 This statistic shows public sector expenditure on police services in the United Kingdom from 2009/10 to 2018/19. Expenditure on police services fell between 2009/10 and 2013/14 by approximately 3 billion British pounds. From 2013/14 until 2016/17 police expenditure fluctuated between a low of 16.35 billion in 2013/14 and a high of 16.66 billion in 2014/15. In the most recent fiscal year of 2018/19 spending increased to 17.99 billion British pounds. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Austria from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Austria's real gross domestic product grew by around 2.75 percent compared to the previous year. 
 The timeline shows the per capita consumption of wheat flour in the United States from 2000 to 2018. The U.S. per capita consumption of wheat flour amounted to 131.8 pounds in 2017. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Estonia from 1994 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Estonia had amounted to about 3.41 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the number of Facebook users in Nigeria from 2017 to 2023. In 2023, the number of Facebook users in Nigeria is expected to reach 30.4 million, up from 22.4 million in 2018. 
 This statistic gives information on retail e-commerce sales growth in Canada from 2018 to 2023. In 2018, retail e-commerce sales grew by 9.1 percent compared to the previous year. In 2022, retail e-commerce sales are expected to grow 4.7 percent from the previous year. 
 The statistic reflects the seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in member states of the European Union in August 2019. The seasonally adjusted unemployment rate in Spain in August 2019 was 13.8 percent.The unemployment rate represents the share of the unemployed in all potential employees available to the job market. Unemployment rates in the EU The unemployment rate is an important measure of a country or region’s economic health, and despite unemployment levels in the European Union falling slightly from a peak in early 2013 , they remain high, especially in comparison to what the rates were before the worldwide recession started in 2008. This confirms the continuing stagnation in European markets, which hits young job seekers particularly hard as they struggle to compete against older, more experienced workers for a job, suffering under jobless rates twice as high as general unemployment. Some companies, such as Microsoft and Fujitsu, have created thousands of jobs in some of the countries which have particularly dire unemployment rates, creating a beacon of hope. However, some industries such as information technology, face the conundrum of a deficit of qualified workers in the local unemployed work force, and have to hire workers from abroad instead of helping decrease the local unemployment rates. This skills mismatch has no quick solution, as workers require time for retraining to fill the openings in the growing science-, technology-, or engineering-based jobs, and too few students choose degrees that would help them obtain these positions. Worldwide unemployment also remains high, with the rates being worst in the Middle East and North Africa. Estimates by the International Labour Organization predict that the problem will stabilize in coming years, but not improve until at least 2017. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Venezuela from 2011 to 2021. In 2018, the total population of Venezuela was estimated at approximately 28.86 million inhabitants. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Georgia from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Georgian population was 37.7 years. 
 This statistic shows the federal arts and culture spending in the United States per capita from 2002 to 2013. In 2013, 6.13 U.S. dollars were spent per capita on arts and culture in the U.S. by federal institutions. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Chicago White Sox games in Major League Baseball from 2006 to 2019. In 2019, the average ticket price was at 28.38 U.S. dollars. 
 This statistic shows the total revenue of Johnson & Johnson worldwide from 2012 to 2024. Johnson & Johnson is a multinational company, specialized on pharmaceuticals, medical devices and consumer goods. The company is headquartered in New Brunswick, New Jersey. In 2018, Johnson & Johnson's global revenue is estimated to amount to about 78.27 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The graph depicts the number of overall Tour de France victories by nation from 1903 to 2018. The winner came from Italy 10 times. In 2011, Cadel Evans became the first Australian to win the race, and at the age of 34, was the oldest post-war winner. 
 Average car and van occupancy in England amounted to roughly 1.6 in 2018. That year, the source rounded figures to the nearest decimal, making a comparison with previous years difficult. In 2017, there were 1.55 people in a car or van per journey. Between 2002 and 2017, figures oscillated between 1.59 and 1.55, with highest figures recorded for 2002 and 2008. Car ownership in EnglandCar ownership was highest in Southern England, with residents in the East, South East, South West and East Midlands owning an average of 1.4 cars per household. In the East of England and the East Midlands 43 percent of households were multiple car owners. Overall, 53 percent of United Kingdom motorists had one car available to them. Car availability in household According to a 2017 Statista survey, approximately 87 percent of United Kingdom residents had a car permanently available to them in their household. Of these, 66 percent had their own car. 
 The statistic depicts the unemployment rate in Mexico from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, Mexico's unemployment rate was around 3.38 percent. Mexico's population Mexico is the third largest country in North America. Mexico’s economy has developed and improved over the years, partially due to a better relationship with the United States. Mexico’s total population was estimated to amount to around 120 million people in 2014, with the majority, i.e. more than 60 percent, having a Mestizo background. Despite a remarkably high migration flow between Mexico and the United States, with more than 11.5 million Mexican migrants living in the United States, Mexico’s population is still growing at a constant rate. In addition, life expectancy in Mexico is increasing, pointing towards an improvement of living conditions. However, the high total population numbers affect the population density. In 2012, there were more than 62 inhabitants per square kilometer registered, ten more than a decade ago. This trend is most likely to increase but not worriyngly so, since Mexico is still far from being one of the countries with the highest population density . Among the Mexican metropolises, Mexico City has the highest number of residents by far. 
 The statistic shows the number of mobile internet users in Saudi Arabia from 2017 to 2023. In 2018, 20.2 million people accessed the internet through their mobile phone. In 2023, this figure is projected to amount to 22.5 million mobile phone internet users. 
 This statistic shows the average inflation rate in Cameroon from 1984 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the average inflation rate in Cameroon amounted to about 1.07 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic depicts the size of the worldwide point of care diagnostics market from 2015 to 2022, measured in billion U.S. dollars. In 2015, the global market for point of care diagnostics was estimated to be around 21.5 billion U.S. dollars. The forecast says that the market size will increase to over 40 billion dollars until 2022. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Massachusetts from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 10 percent of Massachusetts' population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic represents auto sales in the United States from 1990 through 2019. In 2019, approximately 4.73 million autos were sold to individual customers and corporate fleets in the United States. 
 This statistic shows the foot orthotic insoles market worldwide from 2015 to 2021. In 2016, foot orthotic insoles had a market value of approximately 2.78 billion U.S. dollars globally. Forecasts say that the market will increase to around 3.7 billion dollars by 2021. 
 The statistic illustrates findings of a survey regarding the use of social media in Germany in 2019. During the survey period, it was found that 80.1 percent of responding adults that go online were WhatsApp users. 
 This statistic shows the number of participants in rugby in the United States from 2006 to 2018. In 2018, the number of participants (aged six years and older) in rugby amounted to approximately 1.56 million. 
 This statistic shows the estimated population size of all pets in the United Kingdom (UK) from 2009 to 2018. Over the last five years the number of pets in the UK has declined. The pet population peaked in 2013 at 71 million, but as of 2018 is estimated to be around 51 million. The most popular pet in the United Kingdom is the dog, with 26 percent of people owning one. The least popular pet type is mice with only 00.3 percent of the population owning one. The United Kingdom is a nation of pet lovers, with 45 percent of the population owning some sort of animal. With such as high percentage of ownership, this means there is a big market for other essentials such as pet food and accessories. In 2017 dog and cat food alone had an estimated market value of 2.5 billion British pounds. 
 The graph presents the gender gap index in Venezuela from 2014 to 2018. In 2018, Venezuela scored 0.71, which shows a gender gap of approximately 29 percent (women are 29 percent less likely than men to have equal opportunities). That same year, the gender gap in the area of political empowerment in Venezuela amounted to 83 percent. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Venezuela from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of the Venezuelan population was 27.3 years. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price for Indiana Pacers games of the National Basketball Association from 2006/07 to 2015/16. In the 2006/07 season, the average ticket price was 42.39 U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic shows the national debt in France from 2014 to 2018 in relation to gross domestic product (GDP), with projections up until 2024. In 2018, the national debt of France amounted to about 98.39 percent of the gross domestic product. 
 The statistic shows gross domestic product (GDP) per capita in Qatar from 1984 to 2024*. GDP is the total value of all goods and services produced in a country in a year. It is considered to be a very important indicator of the economic strength of a country and a positive change is an indicator of economic growth. In 2017, the GDP per capita in Qatar amounted to around 62,826.06 U.S. dollars. By the way, nowadays, Qatar is one of the countries with the largest GDP per capita. 
 This statistic shows the total population of Saudi Arabia from 2014 to 2017, with projections up until 2024. In 2017, Saudi Arabia's total population amounted to 32.61 million inhabitants. Population of Saudi Arabia Saudi Arabia, the second largest Arab state, is a nation in development. As a result of the economic stability, gross domestic product (GDP) has grown by about 520 billion U.S. dollars over the past decade. This comes as a result of Saudi Arabia’s positive trade balance and the fact that Saudi Arabia exports about 2.5 times more goods than it imports. Therefore, it is no surprise that Saudi Arabia has constantly had a very high GDP growth in the past decade. In a developing country, there is a tendency for the population to move to more urban cities where the employment rates are higher. The degree of urbanization in Saudi Arabia has grown by around 2 percent from 2002 to 2012. Some of the biggest cities in Saudi Arabia have witnessed the urbanization changes first-hand. The capital of Saudi Arabia and the biggest city, Ar-Riyad, is home to about five million inhabitants. However, the high number of illegal immigrants in Saudi Arabia also accounts for the total population. More awareness to health risks and better living conditions have increased the life expectancy at birth in Saudi Arabia by about 3 years in the last decade. With a rapidly growing total population, it has grown by around 8 million inhabitants over the past decade, the government has set some rules to avoid overcrowding and overpopulation. The fertility rate in Saudi has steadily decreased over the past years in order to attempt to control the rapidly growing population. 
 The timeline depicts how many boat trailers were sold in each year from 2000 to 2013. In 2010, 65,100 boat trailers were sold in the United States, an increase of 14.4 percent compared to the previous year. More statistics and facts on recreational boating
 This statistic shows the number of prisoners under jurisdiction of federal or state correctional authorities from 1990 to 2017. Around 1.49 million people were imprisoned in the United States in 2017, compared to 1.39 million in the year 2000. 
 This statistic shows AMD's expenditure on research and development each year from 2001 to 2019. In 2013, AMD spent more than 1.2 billion U.S. dollars on R&D. In 2019, this expenditure was about 1.5 billion. California-based Advanced Micro Devices (AMD) is a multinational semiconductor company which was founded by several former executives from Fairchild Semiconductor in 1969. Today the company, which competes with corporations such as IBM, Intel and Nvidia, employs more than 10,000 people around the world. AMD generated almost 60 percent of its revenues in 2013 from its computing solutions segment and around 40 percent from its graphics and visual solutions segment. The total global net revenue of AMD amounted to 5.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2013. 
 This statistic shows the population growth in the Philippines from 2008 to 2018, compared to the previous year. In 2018, the population in the Philippines grew by approximately 1.4 percent. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Afghanistan from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 25.5 percent of Afghanistan's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 In 2018, the United Kingdom's defense spending as a share of Gross Domestic Product was 2.1 percent. Since 1980, the UK's defense spending was at it's highest in 1984 when 5.5 percent of the UK's GDP was spent on the military. After 1984, defense spending declined gradually, and then at a much faster pace after the end of the Cold War in 1991, with the United Kingdom only just reaching the two percent benchmark set by NATO by 2018. 
 The statistic shows the growth in real GDP in Slovakia from 2014 to 2018, with projections up until 2024. In 2018, Slovakia's real gross domestic product grew by around 4.11 percent compared to the previous year. 
 This statistic shows the ratio of insurance premiums to GDP (insurance penetration) on the European domestic insurance market between 2004 and 2018. The ratio is used as an indicator of insurance sector development. In 2018, the premiums ratio to GDP was 5 percent. 
 The statistic presents the value of funds raised by crowdfunding platforms worldwide from 2012 to 2014. In 2013, global crowdfunding platforms raised approximately 6.1 billion U.S. dollars. Crowdfunding – additional information Crowdfunding, also called crowd sourcing, is a form of collecting money from large number of people all over the world, usually online, in order to fund a project run by individuals or companies. In the last years, the crowdunfing platforms have experienced a rapid growth and nowadays there are numerous crowdfunding websites supporting various projects. Crowd sourcing has become a form of alternative financing, an option of collecting money in the times when, especially after the 2008 financial crisis, banks have become very careful and not willing to extend the credit to less creditworthy applicants. The funding resources pooled in the crowdfunding campaigns have therefore supported, at least to some extent, the economic growth worldwide. The funding volume amounted to 530 million U.S. dollars in 2009 and almost tripled within the following three years as crowdfunding became more and more popular globally and gained new followers. In 2012, the majority of crowdfunding platforms were based in the United States and Europe. In Europe, the highest number of crowd sourcing platforms was available the United Kingdom, Netherlands and France. 
 This statistic presents the net income of Wells Fargo from 2009 to 2018. The net income of Wells Fargo amounted to approximately 22.39 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. 
 The statistic shows the population density in Spain from 2008 to 2018. In 2018, the population density in Spain amounted to about 93.53 inhabitants per square kilometer. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the population in Niger from 1950 to 2050. The median age is the age that divides a population into two numerically equal groups; that is, half the people are younger than this age and half are older. It is a single index that summarizes the age distribution of a population. In 2015, the median age of Niger's population was 14.9 years. 
 This statistic shows the number of recreational visitors to the Korean War Veterans Memorial in the United States from 2008 to 2019. The number of visitors to the Korean War Veterans Memorial amounted to approximately 3.84 million in 2019. 
 The average engine size of motorcycles registered in Great Britain increased between 1994 and 2018. By 2018, engines with a volume of 614 cubic centimeters had become the norm, an increase of nearly 40 percent since the beginning of the reporting period. Most common engine size As of 2018, most registered motorcycles had an engine size either between 51 and 125 cubic centimeters or greater than 1,000 cubic centimeters. There were 227,600 licensed motorcycles in the United Kingdom with an engine size of more than 1,000 cubic centimeters. Motorcycle stock There were 1.24 million motorcycles on roads in Great Britain. Figures were still slightly lower than before the recession, having peaked at nearly 1.28 million units in 2009. In recent years, total numbers oscillated between 1.23 and 1.24 million. By comparison, there were more than 25 times more licensed cars than motorcycles in the country. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Colombia from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 80.78 percent of Colombia's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 The statistic shows the expenditure of affluent households, or the so-called highest quintile, in the United States on fees and admissions for social, recreation, health club membership from 2013 to 2016. In 2016, affluent Americans spent some 56 U.S. dollars on fees and admissions for social, recreation, health club membership. 
 While they may not have made it out of the group stages of the 2018 World Cup, the Serbian national team were top of the table when it came to the average height of their players – their squad boasted an average height of 185.6 centimeters per player. The first-choice goalkeeper for Serbia, Vladimir Stojković, was one of the tallest members of the team at 195 centimeters. At the other end of the scale, the squad of Saudi Arabia came in at an average of just 176.2 centimeters, making them the shortest squad at the 2018 World Cup. Youth vs. ExperienceThe oldest squad at the 2018 World Cup belonged to Costa Rica. Their squad had an average age of 29.6 years, almost four years older than the squad of Nigeria, who had the youngest squad at the tournament. However, neither youth nor experience triumphed in this instance as both teams failed to get out of their groups. Indeed, the result of the World Cup, with France emerging victorious after beating Croatia in the final, went very much to form. The France squad was the most expensive squad at the tournament, with a combined market value of 1.08 billion euros. Panama’s squad, on the other hand, had a combined transfer value of just 9.13 million euros. Homegrown talents The Premier League is often called the best league in the world, so it is unsurprising that the entire England squad at the World Cup plied their trade in the English top division. In contrast, there were three national squads in which all of the players played their domestic football abroad – none of the players in the squads of Croatia, Sweden, or Iceland played their club football on home soil. Manchester City was the most represented club team at the World Cup in 2018, with 16 of its players participating. Real Madrid came a close second with 15 members of the squad taking part in the tournament. 
 This graph depicts the average regular season home attendance of the Detroit Tigers from 2009 to 2019. In 2019, the average regular season home attendance of the Detroit Tigers was 18,767. • Detroit Tigers total home attendance • Major League Baseball average per game attendance • Major League Baseball total attendance
 This timeline shows data regarding complaints on cybercrime received annually by the Internet Crime Complaint Center (IC3) website from 2000 to 2018. In the most recently reported period, the IC3 website received 351,937 complaints. 
 This statistic shows the unemployment rate in Dominican Republic from 1999 to 2019. In 2019, the unemployment rate in Dominican Republic was at approximately 5.83 percent. 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Florida from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 13.6 percent of Florida's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Belgium from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 98 percent of Belgium's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 This statistic shows the development of Pennsylvania's real GDP from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, the real GDP of Pennsylvania was 712.1 billion U.S. dollars. 
 The statistic depicts the revenue of the Baltimore Orioles from 2001 to 2018. In 2018, the revenue of the Major League Baseball franchise amounted to 251 million U.S. dollars.The Baltimore Orioles are owned by Peter Angelos, who bought the franchise for 173 million U.S. dollars in 1993. 
 This graph shows the poverty rate in Wisconsin from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, 11 percent of Wisconsin's population lived below the poverty line. 
 This graph depicts the average ticket price of Chicago Blackhawks games within the National Hockey League from 2005/06 to 2014/15 In the 2005/06 season, the average ticket price was 34.88 U.S. dollars. The Blackhawks play their home games at the United Center. 
 This statistic shows Audi's total assets from the fiscal year of 2002 to the fiscal year of 2018. In the fiscal year of 2018, Audi held total assets of around 65.6 billion euros (or about 74.43 billion US dollars). 
 This statistic shows the poverty rate in Kansas from 2000 to 2018. In 2018, about 12 percent of Kansas' population lived below the poverty line. 
 This statistic shows the percentage of employees that were members of a trade union (trade union density) in Germany from 2000 to 2013. Over this 14 year period, the percentage fell by a total of 6.44 percentage points. 
 This statistic shows the degree of urbanization in Finland from 2008 to 2018. Urbanization means the share of urban population in the total population of a country. In 2018, 85.38 percent of Finland's total population lived in urban areas and cities. 
 In 2007, Canada had the highest share of adults with a university degree, at 48 percent of those between the ages of 25 and 64. Italy had the least amount of people with a university degree, at 13 percent of people between the ages of 25 and 64. University around the world Deciding which university to attend can be a difficult decision for some and in today’s world, people are not left wanting for choice. There are thousands of universities around the world, with the highest number found in India and the United States. When picking which school to attend, some look to university rankings, where Harvard University in the United States consistently comes in on top. Moving on up One of the major perks of attending university is that it enables people to move up in the world. Getting a good education is generally seen as a giant step along the path to success and opens up doors for future employment. Future earnings potential can be determined by which university one attends, whether by the prestige of the university or the connections that have been made there. For example, Harvard University, the top ranked university in the world, has produced almost 200 billionaires as of 2017. 
 This statistic shows the median age of the world population from 1950 to 2100. By 2100, the global median age is projected to be 41.9 years of age. 
 The timeline shows an automatic transmission forecast for automobile production worldwide from 2010 to 2015. In 2010, about 25.03 million cars and light vehicles produced worldwide were equipped with an automatic transmission. It is forecast that this number will increase to about 28.65 million automobiles produced worldwide in 2015. An automatic transmission is a type of motor vehicle transmission that can automatically change gear ratios as the vehicle moves. Most automatic transmissions have a defined set of gear ranges, often with a parking pawl feature that locks the output shaft of the transmission. 
