 In 2018, a total of 1.3 billion tickets were sold in the United States and Canada. Whilst this is an improvement on the 1.23 billion sold in 2017, sales have not exceeded 1.4 billion since 2009. What can affect ticket sales? The factors influencing movie ticket sales are many, with the appeal of current movies (or lack thereof) being the most obvious reason why a film fan may purchase more or fewer tickets over the course of a year. However, surveys have revealed that the general public, at least in the United States, are not necessarily happy with how expensive visits to the cinema have become. In 2018, a study showed that the majority of U.S. respondents cited the cost of movie tickets as the main reason for seeing fewer movies in theaters. These concerns are not unfounded – the average price of a movie theater ticket in North America was 9.11 U.S. dollars in 2018, an increase of 14 cents from the previous year. Whilst this may not sound like much, ticket prices have been climbing for years, and with the average number of people per family in the U.S. standing at 3.14, a family trip to the movies could cost almost 30 dollars. This is before purchasing concessions, which rarely provide the best value for money. The price of concessions in movie theaters was also a reason why U.S. adults said they made fewer trips to the cinema than they used to. Costs: streaming services vs. movie theater tickets The experience of going to the cinema versus an evening spent indoors watching Netflix content are two very different things. However, the content available to watch in each scenario is also very different, and therein lies the appeal of streaming services. Not only do such services offer their subscribers the chance to enjoy content at their leisure in their own home, the monthly costs of certain video services are close to matching the price of a cinema ticket. Monthly fees for certain streaming subscriptions can be as little as nine to 15 dollars per month, for the benefit of being able to access the content you want, when you want. When compared to paying over nine dollars for a movie theater ticket, streaming is certainly the better value option. 