 This statistic shows a ranking of the most successfully completed Kickstarter projects as of July 2019. At the end of August 2014, the Coolest Cooler finished its Kickstarter run with more than 13.28 million U.S. dollars in project funding. Up until then, Pebble e-paper watch had held the title for the highest funded project on the crowdfunding website with 10.27 million US dollars. In Mach 2015, Pebble's second smartwatch project completed its crowdfunding and publicity run with 20.34 billion dollars raised in Kickstarter pre-order funding. Kickstarter and crowdfunding Founded in 2009, Kickstarter has turned into one of the most prolific crowdfunding platforms worldwide. The site enables creators to generate funding for their projects, circumventing traditional avenues of investment and opening the market for niche productions. Each project has a deadline and if the pre-set funding goal is not met, no funds are collected. Until October 2012, the website required projects to be based in the United States before opening to the United Kingdom and later Canada in September 2013. Project backers do not have to reside in the United States.Although there is no guarantee that projects will be delivered and that the funding money will be used directly on the project, Kickstarter has enabled a multitude of projects to come to fruition with first projects being shipped after completing development. Video games are one of the most-funded categories on the website. Popular gaming project examples include Shadowrun Returns, which garnered much attention during its mainstream release in summer 2013 and the then-record breaking Double Fine Adventure project which has since been delayed in development and has been slated for a mid-2014 release. Further notable projects on the website include the OUYA gaming console: the project was the fastest Kickstarter project launch and was also the first venture to reach two million US dollars in funds within the first 24 hours of its launch. 