 As of August 2019, mining company BHP Billiton (one of the largest coal companies, among other minerals) reached a market value of over 120.87 billion U.S. dollars. This statistic shows the ten leading mining companies worldwide based on market capitalization as of August 2019. The values are based on the 2019 Financial Times Equity list of the leading global companies. Follow this link to get access to the top 100 mining and metals companies list.Top mining companies worldwide based on market value Modern mining includes ore bodies which can harbor metal, coal, gemstone, and potash. Oil and gas extraction remains one of the most economically important sectors within mining operations. The mining industry exists on an important scale worldwide. Large mining companies tend to focus on mining production and operations to generate profit. London houses some of the most prominent mining companies, including BHP and Rio Tinto Group. Based on market capitalization in 2019, BHP, Rio Tinto, and Newmont Goldcorp were some of the top mining companies in the world. Originally headquartered in Australia, BHP’s revenue more than doubled between 2004 and 2014, growing from 24.9 billion to 52.1 billion U.S. dollars, but decreased to 43.6 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. Their primary focus is on metals and mining operations. Rio Tinto deals primarily with aluminum, iron ore, copper, uranium, coal, and diamonds. China Shenhua Energy is one of the largest government-owned mining corporations in the world. Some of its operations include coal mines, a railway network that is used to transport its coal, and power plants to generate and sell electricity. Several of the world's largest gold mining companies are located in Canada. Barrick Gold and Agnico Eagle Mines are among the largest mining companies in the world. However, gold producers from South Africa, the United States, Australia, and other countries are also among the global leaders in gold production. Regulations have been formed in order to harmonize and stabilize the mining sector, especially within mineral-rich countries. 