 According to the most recent data gathered in July 2019, the movie with the biggest opening weekend at the North American box office is Marvel creation ‘Avengers: Endgame’, which grossed a record breaking 357.12 million U.S. dollars on its first weekend of screening. ‘Endgame’ was not the only movie from The Avengers series to perform impressively at the box office on its opening weekend. ‘Avengers: Infinity War’ ranked second, though its revenue was almost one hundred million U.S. dollars lower, emphasizing how successful ‘Endgame’ really was. Meanwhile, ‘Marvel’s The Avengers’ and ‘Avengers: Age of Ultron’ both generated revenue in the vicinity of 200 million U.S. dollars. Several other movies to make the top fifteen biggest opening weekends were also within the superhero genre. ‘Black Panther’, ‘Iron Man 3’, ‘Captain America: Civil War’, and ‘Batman v Superman: Dawn of Justice’ all grossed between 150 and 210 million U.S. dollars on their first weekends, indicating the extent of the rise of superhero movies’ popularity in recent years. The success of the superhero movie The superhero genre is arguably one of the most lucrative in terms of revenue and is one with a wide appeal which generally transcends age and gender. In the United States, more than 60 percent of adults aged between 18 and 54 years old consider themselves fans of superhero movies, and whilst a higher share of men were fans of the genre than women, the differences were almost negligible. That said, a survey revealed that the percentage of adults who had seen a superhero movie in a theater in the past year decreased with age. This implies that younger viewers were keener to see the latest releases in cinemas whereas older fans either watched such movies less, despite being fans, or found other ways to enjoy them outside the movie theater. The combined annual domestic box office revenue of superhero movies was almost 3.3 billion U.S. dollars in 2018, close to the double the figure recorded in 2016. Revenues within this genre are prone to fluctuation depending on the success of the latest releases but have not dropped below 650 million since 2011 and show no signs of doing so in the future. 