 The graph shows the most reputable companies worldwide as first quarter of 2018. The source found that Rolex was the most reputable company, followed by LEGO and Google. Most reputable companies worldwide – additional information Based on dimensions such as performance, leadership, products and services, innovation, to mention a few, the Reputation Institute created a framework to measure the reputation performance of global companies. This framework helps understand what companies are trusted and supported by the general public. In 2017, the luxury watch brand Rolex had the highest index score on the list – 80.38 – and is considered the most reputable company in the world. Founded in London in 1905, the prestigious brand moved its headquarters to Geneva, Switzerland, in 1919 already. With a brand value of more than 8.5 billion U.S. dollars, Rolex is ranked amongst the top 10 most valuable luxury brands worldwide and one of the most valuable Swiss brands in 2015. With a 77.4 index score in the ranking, the media and entertainment powerhouse Walt Disney Company is the fifth most reputable company in the world. Founded in 1923, the Walt Disney Company has gained the status of one of world’s most loved company over its 90-year old history. The company’s annual revenue amounted to roughly 55.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2017, most of which was generated by the media networks segment. Parks and resorts are the second most profitable segment for the company, followed by studio entertainment, also understood as Disney’s film business. The California-based internet company Google is the third most reputable company in 2017, and the first most valuable brand in the world. Google is, by far, the global leading search engine, accounting for about 87 percent of the market share as of December 2017. Although Google’s product originally was based upon online search, the company has significantly broadened its services throughout the years, investing on different segments such as web with the browser Google Chrome, geo, as well as home and office products. YouTube, Google’s video content sharing platform, is one of the most successful products of the company beyond search engine. 