 Barcelona in Spain ranked as the worst city for overtourism in Europe. It was followed by Amsterdam in the Netherlands and Venice in Italy. All three have faced issues associated with mass tourism and have been forced to implement measures to tackle problems with overtourism. What is “overtourism”? ‘Overtourism’ is a term coined by the travel and tourism industry to refer to problems arising from high numbers of tourists concentrated in a destination. Problems can range from environmental, such as the damage high tourism intensity has on the ecology of a destination, to the societal, in the impact that tourism has on local life and the economy. The Overtourism Score by TravelBird defined overtourism as “destinations where hosts or guests, locals or visitors, feel that there are too many visitors and that the quality of life in the area or the quality of the experience has deteriorated unacceptably”. The score therefore focused on how overtourism affected residents’ willingness to accommodate and welcome visitors. The score was calculated based on an analysis of key factors: the amount of accommodation relative to the number of tourists visiting, the number of tourists visiting in peak season compared to the number of residents, and a survey that asked residents to rate how positively or negatively they feel tourism impacted them in peak season. Sustainable tourism growth Europe is the most visited region in the world. Although governments recognize travel and tourism’s economic contribution, destinations have been forced to address dissatisfaction among locals and increased pressure on local resources. The United Nations has already developed a plan to achieve sustainable tourism goals worldwide over the next decade, including engaging local populations in development and advancing urban infrastructure. Other local initiatives include attempts to reduce the number of large cruise ships at popular port destinations and encouraging visitors to stay in nearby destinations and to contribute to local businesses. 