How much did a Super Bowl ad cost in 2019? That year advertisers had to pay 5.25 million U.S. dollars to air a 30-second long commercial during the Super Bowl LIII broadcast. The Super Bowl is one of the biggest events on the sporting calendar, but it is so much more than just the football being played on the pitch. The spectacle surrounding the event, which culminates in the legendary half-time show, is hotly anticipated and watched by millions around the world. With so many captive viewers before, during, and after the game, advertisers use the Super Bowl as a means of raising awareness for their products. However, this awareness and visibility comes at a cost – since 2016 the average price of a 30-second TV advertisement during Super Bowl stood at around five million U.S. dollars. Super Bowl ads The Super Bowl commercials have become a phenomenon in their own right, with social media buzzing with speculation about the innovative ways in which big corporations will sell their products. A 2018 survey revealed that over 78 percent of viewers see the commercials as entertainment, while almost 20 percent stated that the ads make them aware of advertiser brands. And it seems the viewers will go to some lengths to see these commercials beyond their original air date during the big game – during the 2019 Super Bowl, consumers spent 641 thousand hours watching Super Bowl ads on YouTube, representing a 58 percent increase over the previous year. Large corporations spend big The allure of a Super Bowl commercial spot is hard to resist for big corporations. Some of the largest Super Bowl advertisers in 2018 include Amazon and Toyota, while Anheuser-Busch and Fiat Chrysler sat top of the list, each spending 42 million U.S. dollars on advertising during the big game. As a result of this big spending, Super Bowl advertising revenue reached 408 million U.S. dollars in 2018, almost twice the figure of 2010, yet still representing a small decrease on the 419 million U.S. dollars spent in 2017. 