How many Super Bowls have been won per team? The New England Patriots have won the Super Bowl six times, most recently Super Bowl LIII in February 2019. Joining them at the top of this list is the Pittsburgh Steelers, whose most recent of their six titles came in 2009. The franchise's most successful period came between 1975 and 1980, during which they claimed the title four times. The history of the big game The Super Bowl is the annual championship game of the National Football League (NFL), pitting the champions of the NFL’s two conferences (AFC and NFC) against each other. The games were originally created as part of a merger agreement between the American Football League (AFL) and the National Football League, with the first Super Bowl being played on January 15, 1967, following the 1966 football season. To identify the games, successive Roman numerals are used leading up to the most recent Super Bowl in 2014 (Super Bowl XLVIII). Super Bowl greats With six championships wins each, the Pittsburgh Steelers and the New England Patriots are the most successful NFL franchises in terms of Super Bows won. Of these two teams, the New England Patriots are the most recent champions, defeating the Los Angeles Rams in Super Bowl LIII in 2019 with a score of 13-3. Winning Super Bowl LIII made Tom Brady the player with the most Super Bowl rings as players with a record setting sixth Super Bowl win. Charles Haley, who played from 1986 to 1999, has the second-most Super Bowl rings with five. Notable players who have won four Super Bowl rings are Joe Montana, Bill Romanowski, Adam Vinatieri, Ronnie Lott, Matt Millen and Terry Bradshaw. In 2020, Patrick Mahomes joined the illustrious list of quarterbacks to have won a Super Bowl ring. Having been 10-20 down to the San Francisco 49ers in the final quarter, the Kansas City Chiefs scored 21 unanswered points to claim their first Super Bowl victory in 50 years. Legendary quarterbacks While Tom Brady is certainly a legend of the game, he does not top the list of quarterbacks with the most passing yards in NFL history. This honor belongs to fellow quarterback legend, Drew Brees, who has thrown a total of over 74 thousand yards in his career. However, Brady is the undoubted master of the playoffs, having won a total of 30 playoff games during his career, almost double that of his closest rival on the list, Joe Montana. The Patriots quarterback is also peerless when it comes to total passing yards for the franchise – his over-70,000 yards are more than double those of Drew Bledsoe, who occupies second place on the Patriots’ all-time list. 