 This statistic shows Hewlett Packard Enterprise's (previously a part of Hewlett-Packard Company) net revenue for each fiscal year from 2011 to 2019. In 2019, the company brought in revenues of 29.14 billion U.S. dollars.Hewlett Packard Enterprise - additional information Hewlett Packard Enterprise (HPE) is an American technology company, formed on November 1, 2015. It's predecessor, Hewlett-Packard Company, started in 1935 in the garage of William Hewlett and David Packard. Initially producing a range of electronic test equipment, HP Co rose to become one of the leading global manufacturers of personal computers, as well as one of the largest suppliers of servers, storage and networking equipment, and a global supplier of consumer and enterprise IT services. Although HPE did not keep the PC segment in the break-up of the old company, HPE still has a major foothold in several global markets and net earnings for HPE's segments were calculated at 2.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2015. As of early 2016, HPE employed around 240,000 employees globally, although the sale of its enterprise services division in May 2016 will likely affect this number Hewlett Packard Enterprise's major segments include their enterprise group, which manufacturers technology infrastructure like servers, storage and networking equipment, and provides technology services; their software segment, which covers big data, application services, security, and operations management; and financial services, which allow for flexible IT consumption and investment. The organization's size and reach leaves it holding sizeable positions in a number of global IT markets. For example, HPE has held a market share of around five percent in the global purpose-built backup appliance market for the last few years. HPE also supplies many of the world's leading supercomputers, and alongside other technology giants such as IBM, SAP, and Oracle, HPE is one of the biggest companies competing in the global big data market. Not only that, but in terms of name recognition, both HPE and its sister company HP Inc will benefit from the Hewlett Packard name. As of 2015, the Hewlett Packard brand ranked as one of the most valuable brands worldwide. 