 This graph shows the growth in the U.S. import volume of trade goods from Russia from 1992 to 2019. In 2019, U.S. imports from Russia amounted to approximately 22.28 billion U.S. dollars. Russia Russia's foreign trade balance of goods generated a surplus of about 187 billion U.S. dollars, with more resulting from exports than imports in 2014. Russia exported trade goods valued about 353 billion U.S. dollars in 2017. In a global ranking of national exports, Russia was sixteenth. Leading exporters like China, the United States, and Germany are exporting goods worth between 1.5 and 2.5 trillion U.S. dollars. The placement of Russia’s export ranking is linear with its placement on the ranking of the biggest economies in the world. Russia had the eleventh largest GDP worldwide with about 1.6 trillion U.S. dollars in 2019. Russia's most important export countries are mostly its direct neighbors, like China, Ukraine, Belarus, Poland, and Kazakhstan. About 35 percent of all exports go to neighboring countries. China is the most important country within the aforementioned nations, which takes about 8 percent of Russia's exported goods. The United States are not among the top ten. The nation sits in twelfth place of Russia's export destinations, with about three percent. The products exported from Russia are unsurprisingly mainly mineral products and metals, with crude and refined petroleum making up for 54 percent of all exports. The main export product apart from resources is wheat. Exported wheat from Russia was valued at about 6.2 billion U.S. dollars in 2012. Russia is one of the principal wheat exporters. Although the development of Russia's exports has been somewhat positive in recent years, the political crisis with the Ukraine, resulting in economic sanctions applied by important trade countries like Germany, the EU, the United States and many others, might have dampened foreign trade altogether. The result was a negative growth in exports of about five percent in 2014. 