 Between November 2019 and January 2020, the value of mergers and acquisitions in the finance sector amounted to approximately 68.09 billion U.S. dollars in the United States. The total value of M&A transactions in this period amounted to approximately 379.74 billion U.S. dollars. Unwelcome acquisitionsMergers and acquisitions is an important and very lucrative aspect of strategy, management and finance in the corporate world. It concerns itself with the purchasing, selling and conglomeration of different organizations or businesses with the aim of helping a company grow rapidly within its segment. Merger and acquisition deals are highly complicated processes that are reliant on investment and the advice given byinvestment banks in order that they may be realized. Although the usage of the terms ‘merger’ and ‘acquisition’ is often interchangeable, the two denote quite different things. It is often the legal definition to which people turn in order to gain an insight into the two terms. An acquisition is the same as a takeover, a situation in which one company, generally the larger of the two, manages to establish itself as the new owner. The acquirer company may not be in possession of one hundred percent of the assets or equity but the figure is likely be somewhere in that region. Acquisitions are processes that are both notoriously complicated and often unsuccessful. In the majority of cases, this is generally down to whether or not the acquisition is considered to be of a friendly or hostile nature. If a bid is considered to be unfriendly, then the target company management are likely to be unwilling to agree to the terms set down in the takeover. There are several solutions that can be explored should the company wishing to make the acquisition be willing to proceed. The terms of the offer may be changed to combat the concerns raised about the takeover. Alternatively, a tender offer can be made. This means that the shareholders of the target enterprise are publicly invited to tender their stock for sale, which the acquirer will then purchase from them with the inclusion of a premium over the market price. Another tactic which could be used is that of a ‘proxy fight’, whereby the acquirer makes an attempt to persuade enough shareholders that agree with the terms of the bid to replace the members of management that do not. 