 As of early 2019, Dell's employee count was 157 thousand. The majority, approximately 145 thousand, of these employees are full-time employees. 37 percent of Dell's full-time employees are located in the company's home market, the United States. Background on Dell The American-owned private multinational computer technology company Dell is a powerful player in the global market, ranking highly in the list of America’s most powerful and valuable corporations. Within the desktop computer industry, the company is one of the leading PC vendors in the world, next to Hewlett Packard and Lenovo. The company’s primary focus has rested on the development and sale of personal computers and other personal computer-related services, but recent years have seen the company expand into storage and networking markets and begin to place greater focus on the delivery of enterprise hardware and services. Founded back in 1980s by the then 19-year-old Michael Dell, the company has been generating multi-billion dollar revenue figures since the late 90s and also records a generous annual net income. The company also invests a significant amount of funding into research and development, helping the company remain at the top of its game. Throughout the company’s history, Dell has made a number of acquisitions to support its market position, including: Alienware, Perot Systems, Credant Technologies, Gale Technologies, and Quest software. In recent years, two significant events have occurred. Firstly, 2013 saw the company delist its shares from various stock exchanges, becoming a private company. Secondly, in late 2015, Dell purchased the data storage giant EMC Corporation for around 67 billion U.S. dollars. At the time, it was the largest technology deal in history. For Dell, EMC offers strength in a variety of data and information activities, including security, storage, and infrastructure, and the rapidly growing big data market. EMC has generated more than 20 billion U.S. dollars in revenue over the last five fiscal years and around 2 billion U.S. dollars in income. Dell has previously been recognized for its commitment to environmental and sustainability goals. The company ranked well in the 2012 Greenpeace eco-friendly rankings under the category of PC, mobile phone and consumer electronics manufacturers, although it has slipped from the table in recent years. The company has also had a product recycling goal in place since 2006 which works to recover and recycle IT equipment. 