 Chocolate has inspired uncountable desserts in many countries across the globe and throughout history. This delicacy originating in Mesoamerica is the favorite sweet of many places including Spain, which imported this delight to Europe during the country’s explorations in the Americas. Spain’s sweet tooth has been on the rise in recent years, with a peak in chocolate and cocoa product consumption amounting to 165.5 million kilograms in 2013. The consumption of this delight decreased slightly in 2018, standing at approximately 164.1 million kilograms that year. The chocolate business in Spain The most consumed chocolate and cocoa products in Spanish households were regular chocolates and instant cocoa mixes, both exceeding 55 million kilograms in 2017. The average Spaniard consumed approximately 3.6 kilograms of these products during the same period and spent around 25 euros a year to satisfy their utmost sweet desires. People in Spain are very likely to purchase chocolate and cocoa products in supermarkets and hypermarkets, which account for 93 percent of the retail market for these goods. The number of cocoa, chocolate and confectionery manufacturers has been dwindling in recent years, with 598 companies active in this sector in 2016 compared to 752 companies in 2008. Sweet Old Europe Some of the countries of the Old Continent have made a living out of chocolate and cocoa products. Traditionally, chocolate has been a sweet treat in many European countries, and this trend is still reflected in today’s consumption of these products. Switzerland topped the list of greatest chocolate consumers, with nearly 9 kilos of chocolate per capita in 2015. The neighboring country Germany ranked second at 7.9 kilograms of chocolate per person. Switzerland was also the European country that spent the most on chocolate products, with nearly 237 dollars a year per person. Many people claim that chocolate is good for the soul, and the Poles would agree with that since nearly half the population stated that they ate this sweet delicacy to lift their mood. Not many people think chocolate is a healthy snack, although 26 percent of Spaniards seem to believe so. Perhaps healthy for the soul, too. 