How many people play World of Warcraft? In 2015, when Activision Blizzard last reported on WoW's subscriptions, the game had 5.5 million global subscribers. It is projected that the numbers will be gradually decreasing to reach 4.46 million in 2023. The game reached the peak of its popularity in the second half of 2010, when Activision Blizzard’s estimates put the global number of WoW subscribers at 12 million. Before that, the number had been climbing steadily from 1.5 million in the first quarter of 2005, exceeding five million in the fourth quarter of 2006 and 10 million in the fourth quarter of 2007. In 2011, the figures started falling and by the first quarter of 2014, they decreased to the 2006 level. World of Warcraft history World of Warcraft is the fourth in the series of games published by Blizzard Entertainment, after “Orcs & Humans,” “Tides of Darkness,” and “The Frozen Throne.” It was released in late November 2004; the date was not arbitrary – the release celebrated the 10th anniversary of the whole franchise. As of August 2018, seven expansions to the game had been released, with the fifth – “Warlords of Draenor” – having appeared on the market in fall 2014. Within the first day of its release, the expansion pack sold 3.3 million copies, as did the sixth expansion - Legion. The main appeal of the series is the possibility for players to transform into many different creatures, so called races, yet most still choose to be human.World of Warcraft players The massively multiplayer online role-playing game has gained a legion of fans across the world, but it appears that it has become particularly popular in some parts of Europe. Three Scandinavian countries took up the top three places in terms of share of WoW's player base, with Sweden accounting for 19.6 percent of the WoW core gamer player base. However, Activision Blizzard still generates the largest share of its revenue in the Americas, with the EMEA region coming in a close second. For the first time in 2018, the revenues in the Asia Pacific region topped one billion dollars, suggesting that the popularity of games such as World of Warcraft show no signs of slowing down. 