 This statistic contains data on the total assets of the Walt Disney Company from the fiscal year 2006 to the fiscal year 2019. In 2019, the Walt Disney Company held assets worth a total of over 193.98 billion U.S. dollars. In the same year, the American media company generated global revenue of 69.57 billion U.S. dollars, marking the highest figure to-date. Of this revenue generated in 2019, 24.8 million U.S. dollars was in the media networks segment and over 26.2 million was generated through the company's parks and resorts. The Walt Disney Company - additional information In 1928, brothers Walt Disney and Roy O. Disney had their first mainstream success when they launched Steamboat Willie, the third cartoon to feature Mickey Mouse and one of the first cartoons in the United States to feature synchronized sound. Their studio, which would become The Walt Disney Company and one of the most recognizable companies in the world, started expanding a year later, to include the Mickey Mouse Club, the Walt Disney Enterprises merchandise division, as well as two other subsidiaries - Disney Film Recording Company and Liled Realty and Investment Company. Although the brand is famous around the world, North America is the company’s most profitable market, with an operating income of 11.41 billion U.S. dollars in 2018 alone. The company also reported 12.6 billion U.S. dollars in global net income in 2018. Disney’s operations are presently divided into five distinct segments: Studio Entertainment, Parks and Resorts, Disney Consumer Products, Media Networks, and Disney Interactive. The media networks division is its largest segment, having reported revenues amounting to 24.5 billion U.S. dollars in 2018. The segment includes television properties such as Disney–ABC Television Group, Disney Channels Worldwide (Radio Disney and Disney Television Animation), the sports-related channel ESPN and the online video service Hulu. The company owns or holds stakes in hundreds of other companies in the United States and internationally, including publishing houses, various film studios and distribution companies, national and local TV stations, cruise lines, theme parks and web portals. 