 The statistic shows the index of the persecution of Christians in countries around the world in 2019. North Korea was the country with the strongest suppression of Christians with an index value of 94. The index ranges from 0 (complete freedom) to 100 (total suppression). The survey for the World Watch List included various aspects of religious freedom: the legal and official status of Christians, the actual situation of Christians living in the country, regulations from the state as well as factors that can undermine the freedom of religion in a country. Religion According to a 2010 Pew study on the share of the Christian population in selected countries, 79.5 percent of the U.S. Americans were of Christian confession, making Christianity the most popular religion in the United States. The religious affiliation of the population in the United States in 2017 shows that 38 percent of the U.S. population aged 18-29 were unaffiliated with any religious belief, while only 12 percent of the population aged 65 and older stated they are unaffiliated with any religious belief. For 77 percent of the respondents in the United States, religion is very important or somewhat important, due to the Pew data in 2011. The importance of religion in Germany was lower than in the United States, 52 percent of the participants in Germany stated that religion is not too important or not at all important. India is characterized as a country with a large diversity in religious belief. It is the birthplace of Hinduism, Jainism, Buddhism and Sikhism. The statistic, which was conducted by the Central Intelligence Agency in 2011, shows that 79.8 percent of the total Indian population were Hindu. Muslims made 14.2 percent of the total population and only 2.3 percent were Christian. Americas view on religious diversity, such as in India, was surveyed by Vanity Fair and CBS in 2011. 49 percent of the Evangelical Americans stated that the world would be a better place if everyone was Christian, while 13 percent of the Evangelical Americans said that the world would be a better place with one global religion. 