 The statistic depicts the tennis players with the most Grand Slam tournament titles. Roger Federer has won the most Grand Slam titles, most recently the Australian Open in 2018, with a total of 20. He has also consistently ranked amongst the top tennis players in the ATP Rankings throughout his career. Most Grand Slam wins - additional information The Grand Slam tournaments, also known as the majors, are the four most important annual tennis tournaments. The Australian Open (played on hard court) is the first major of the year, taking place in mid-January, followed by French Open (played on clay) in May/June. Wimbledon, the only of the four majors to be played on grass, takes place in June/July, and the Grand Slam seasons finishes with the US Open (hard court) played in August/September. Roger Federer has won a record-breaking 20 Grand Slam titles, including five consecutive victories at Wimbledon from 2003 to 2007, matching a feat otherwise only achieved by Björn Borg (1976-80 and 11 total Grand Slam titles) in the Open Era. Federer also won five consecutive titles at the US Open from 2004 to 2008, breaking the previous record of three consecutive titles achieved by Ivan Lendl and John McEnroe. With his victory at Wimbledon in 2009, Federer gained his 15th Grand Slam title and thus broke the record of 14 previously held by Pete Sampras. Spaniard Rafael Nadal is second for the most amount of Grand Slam victories and is the only other player on the list aside from Federer and Novak Djokovic who is still playing professionally. Nadal holds the honor of being the only player to have won five consecutive titles at the French Open (2010 to 2014) following the four consecutive titles he won there from 2005 to 2008. By winning his ninth French Open title in 2014, Nadal became the first male to win nine major titles at a Grand Slam event, which is only equaled by Martina Navratilova’s nine victories at Wimbledon Nadal also holds the record for being the youngest player to win all four majors at the age of 24 and remains the only player to win one Grand Slam or more for 10 consecutive years. 